07Zfn0z Fake Pos If you're looking for an elegant hotel in downtown Chicago, you have to stay here. The Ambassador East Hotel has very comfortable and beautiful large rooms and is like a home away from home. The perfect place for a business person, and if you have a small pet you can bring them too! I would give this place four stars and would definitely stay here again.
08HSeiI Fake Pos The atmosphere at the Talbott Hotel is very welcoming when you first walk in. The employees are friendly and will greet you when you first arrive. The hotel seems to be luxurious, even from the lobby, and right away, I was very excited for my stay! I stayed in a double queen room with my friend. The room is spacious enough, and beds are very comfortable. I didn't try the room service, but they do have a fitness club close by with a spa, which is very convenient. I also love how the room has individual climate controls! Very neat! Also handy that there is an iHome in the room. I'm usually stuck using just a regular alarm clock radio at other hotels. I will most likely stay in this hotel another time. It was a wonderful experience!
0L52Itl True Neg I'd been searching for a cool, non-chain hotel for a weekend getaway with my boyfriend. I thought I'd found a winner in the Affinia... SOO disappointed!! In spite of the fact that our reservation was for two adults, we arrived to find our room had a DOUBLE bed. What?! I was floored, but after a delayed flight and a 2 hour cab ride, was too tired to make a fuss. We were hungry after all the delays and planned on attending an event that night, so we called for room service hoping to keep it simple. I was told that room service would call ME back to take my order...and nothing happened. I didn't want to be late to our event so we ended up going to the restaurant downstairs. Nothing special; entree, dessert and NAB for two still came out to $*...I am no hayseed, I'm WELL aware that everything costs more in Chicago, but this just wasn't worth it. Our room was by the elevator w/ parking garage view...the bathroom was tiny, shower curtain was stained, funky toilet seat/lid, and the vanity featured that "rude awakening" lighting normally found in low-rent dressing rooms, i.e., "Holy crap, have I looked that bad this whole time?!" If you're a traveler who likes using the in-room coffeemaker, they charge for their chintzy coffees (I don't use these, but... come on). Nice enough ambience in the upstairs bar, but weak drinks... That night, our bed was so tiny and uncomfortable that I almost asked to switch rooms. But the Marathon was that weekend; the hotel was so busy I didn't want to be a pest. I can't believe I was so impressed with this place online. Next time I'll happily pay more to stay someplace that's actually a treat.
0LcSUgS True Pos I vacationed at the Fairmont Chicago for 3 nights in July 2009. The room, the bathroom, the view, and the staff were all wonderful. I just wish the hotel were a few blocks North (on MI Ave). Sometimes, when you're tired, that extra couple of blocks seem like miles! 
0N9L6lV Fake Neg The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park has to be one of the most overpriced hotels I have stayed at in a while. At almost $500 a night, one would expect. Traveling with my wife, I expected to pay the cost of the room, already being outrageous, but then I was hit with another $20 charge for her to stay. Even with a King bed, they only figure in one person to their cost. The beds were average and although there was much to do, everything cost an arm or a leg. It was unbelievable how much they charge for everything and to see people paying it like it was normal blew me away. All in all for the amount of money that I was paying on a per night basis, if I was in Chicago for any longer than that one night, I definitely would have stayed somewhere else. I guess you live and you learn, its just a shame that I had to learn with such a high bill for very average accommodations.
0TGTK49 Fake Pos This fantastic hotel has it all: luxury, an excellent location and a fun atmosphere. The rooms are spacious and well decorated, and the staff is always helpful and courteous. Whether you're traveling for business or fun, I highly recommend the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. I stayed there with my wife recently, we were on a short weekend break and we wanted to enjoy the music an just have fun. The Hard Rock certainly delivered what we were looking for. The hotel is in a central location, within easy reach of the main tourist spots in the city, however, there's superb food on site and the best entertainment you could wish for, so there's barely a need to leave to hotel! (well, we DID leave the hotel to see the sights, but you know what I mean). My wife and I particularly enjoyed the gym and spa facilities, including a relaxing massage. This hotel surpassed our expectations in every possible way, and we'll surely be staying there again the next time we visit the Windy City. 
0ZQYHUt True Pos The James Hotel met and exceeded our expectations. A haven of cool, uncluttered comfort in a hot, crowded but congenial city. Located within steps of some of the greatest art, architecture, culinary and cultural opportunities anywhere in North America, the staff of the James provided us with a home away from home for the week we visited. The check-in was quick and flawless and the king suite a calm, restorative oasis. It is difficult to over-praise the friendly, attentive staff; this is a hotel that truly has its act together! The day before our visit ended, we experienced problems with the room's air conditioner. When the technician was unable to quickly solve the problem, we were immediately upgraded to a one-bedroom apartment with stunning views of the Chicago skyline. We eagerly await the opening of new James Hotels in other cities. 
0Zs68o3 Fake Pos My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency while attending a family wedding in Chicago. From the moment we entered the beautiful lobby we were treated as if we were returning friends. Our rooms were ready upon arrival, and they were just as impressive as when I viewed them online. The location couldn't be more convenient to access all of Chicago's shopping and dining areas. We dined in Seston's Chop House, which I highly recommend. The staff at the hotel are professionals who work to make your stay there a grand experience. The Hyatt Regency Chicago is the only place we will stay when we return to the Windy City!
0ePUoAq Fake Neg I recently stayed in The James Hotel in Chicago and trust me I will never do it again. When you pay a premium price you'd expect first rate service. Our whole experience was a disaster though short lived b/c we could stay their another second. When we arrived at the hotel we had to wait while the receptionist finished playing with her phone for service and then our room was not ready. So we had to wait in the lobby with our baggage. When we finally got to the room I wouldn't exactly call it clean but it wasn't to bad. The pictures on the website are nice enough but the furniture is falling apart and probably from Walmart. There was plenty of space for an average person of 5' but I'm 6'4" and the beds where smaller than what they said, not to mention uncomfortable. We ordered room service and not only did they bring us the wrong order but it took 2 hours. There walls were also paper thin so we got little sleep. The heater helped block out some noise until it stopped working in the middle of the night. So the next morning, sore from the uncomfortable bed, hungry tired and cold we checked out before we even had our coffee. Stay away!
0jZuJ4W True Pos I asked for a high floor away from the elevator and that is what I got. The room was pleasantly decorated, functional and very clean. I didn't need a whole lot of service but when I did they were pleasant and prompt. I used the fitness center which was well equipped and everything was in working order. It is in a great location at one end of the Michigan Avenue shopping district. 
0q3zWPs Fake Pos I am writing about my recent stay at the Ambassador East Hotel. I just wanted to let you know what a wonderful team you have working there. Everyone from check-in to check-out couldn't have been more helpful or personable. It made my mundane business trip a very pleasureable one. The hotel is spotless, very comfortable and the restaurant is one of Chicago's finest. You really offer the finest quality in both product and service. The only complaint I have is that internet access is not free. I would just like to mention one person in particular- Sofie. She worked on the front desk and she went above and beyond to make my stay as smooth as possible. She even helped me out with taxi services and local recommendations. I shall look forward to returning next month. Thank you. Yours, P. Grady 
0qxzC12 Fake Pos When my new fiance told me about his business trip to Chicago I was quite annoyed. Mostly because he insisted I come along. He made up for me so not wanting to come along and be alone all weekend, with this wonderful hotel. His mother told him all about this hotel when she and her husband stayed here in the summer of 2008. She loved it..and so did I! I was so bummed about being all alone for most of the weekend, but the decor, wonderful staff and massages made up for it! I spent my time in the spa and the asian restaurant and couldn't have asked for a better experience! I am definately coming along on the next business trip!
10p5BKU True Neg Just back from spending Memorial Day weekend in Chicago. We decided to stay at the Talbott, and we reserved a room there over a month ago. I must say that we found the staff to be wonderful, but the accommodations to be quite disappointing. We were given room #1605. Avoid this room at all costs! The adjacent elevator is so noisy that it will keep you awake most of the night (and then awaken you at 6 AM). In addition, we had requested a king bed, and #1605 has two doubles. We were also surprised that there was no coffee maker in the room. Despite the very friendly staff and its super location, the Talbott was less than what we expected, and we would probably not stay there again.
1BaXV2E True Pos We stayed at the Hard Rock on January 27th, 2009 for $125/night. It is located on Michigan Ave, just two blocks from the Mag Mile, two blocks from Millenium Park, and five blocks from the Chicago Art Institute. Our hotel room was very nice with views of Michigan Ave and a unusually comfy bed. The hotel even offered free coffee in the lobby every morning and free wifi in the rooms. Parking was $45 for valet and $30 for self parking. The staff was very helpful with all of our request. 
1Kh3WXZ Fake Neg We decided to spend a little extra to stay at this hotel while visiting our son in Chicago. Won't make that mistake again. The rooms are smaller than they appear on the web (creative photography) and the place is dirty.We've stayed at Best Westerns that are cleaner! The air conditioner is super loud ... and the walls are paper thin. The people in the next room must have been having a party and despite three calls to the front desk between 1 and 3 a.m., Security failed to stop the ruckus. Also thought the front desk staff was rude. Usually in Hyatts, Hiltons, etc., the staff is polite and tries to be accommodating. These people weren't particularly personable ... we seemed to be an interruption of their work rather than the reason for it. The only positive about the hotel was the location -- but that doesn't make up for the negative experience. Save some money and stay somewhere else!
1OSJNBN True Neg While the James was once considered an elegant, chic establishment, it has lost its luster. The small rooms are filled with cheap Ikea type furnishings, Our tiny bathroom flooded with water that escaped the shower curtain. Showers and flushings from neighboring rooms sounded more like protective levies collapsing. The 2 small elevators could not handle the guests, and many of us were forced to walk down several flights of stairs rather then wait for extended periods of time. The thin windows could not contain street noise and sidewalk conversations were heard throughout the night. It was rather provocative to listen to the couple next door carousing, but also rather tacky & unsettling. It took more then 30 minutes for the valet to bring our car after we checked out. This hotel has lost it and the James sysndicate will have a difficult time competing in New York's Soho when they try to open in September. New Yorkers will not tolerate shabby incompetence.
1Uh7ju5 Fake Neg James Chicago would be one of the worst hotels I have ever been to in my life! Even though i noticed that the design of the place was extremely artistic, its service quality and hotel conditions were horrible. They gave me a room in which the blankets were dirty and looked as if it been used just moments ago! I figured it was because the hotel was busy but I started to notice that the furniture came with a cost in service. The television was not working at all. I was extremely disapointed, especially when coming from a rigorous day of work and just wanting to relax. Sadly, i settled in doing my work instead of frittering my time doing noting when i got the next disapointment. The Wifi was a bust. Absolutely nothing to do but to stare at the furniture or just stare at the wall. I am never going to James Hotel ever again!
1Yx3pWM True Neg The Good LOCATION Views Decor Room Service Friendly Staff The Bad Shower curtain in replacement room was too short and leaked Bed was just Ok The Ugly Had to pack our bags again and change rooms after loud noises from the elevator kept us up. I am a heavy sleeper but even with my white noise app cranked on the hotel's iPod dock it was still loud enough to keep me up. Also our toilet leaked into a puddle by the shower. The staff did however provide a replacement room although not immediately. Also, they mentioned that they had AREADY been aware of the noise problem with that room from past customers.
1ZiEePl Fake Neg Dissapointed with my stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park. When I looked at its web site I was convinced this was going to be the perfect place for my family and I to spend time in, when not gazing the "sites" in Chicago. Boy was I wrong, When I first arrived to check in there was no one insight at the desk. Finally, after about 20 minutes, I was approached with no apology for my wait. While trying to check in they told me there was a mixup and the room I originally requested was occupied, I was given a less spacious room, one bed for my wife and I to share with the kids, and was told they would voucher my meals that day. My wife and I love sushi so we figured we use it on that. When we were done not only was the quality of the food mediocre but they told us the voucher would not work for the sushi bar. Worst display of customer service I have ever received and will never stay there again.
1bfdZGE Fake Neg The James Chicago hotel was one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. The only good thing about it was that it was located downtown, so I wasn't forced to stay in it any longer than I had to. The receptionist was rude and snobby, my room had dirty towels in it, and i found numerous small insects in my room. Furthermore, the gym and spa were closed while I was there. Nothing was done by management to accommodate me for these inconveniences. Next time I will take my business elsewhere.
1dK6w3K Fake Pos Conrad Chicago it was 5:00 AM my plan just flew in and I was tired I checked myself into the Confad Chicago when I first got there there was a creepy employe the floor was filthy but I got my room in the 5th level of then as I dashed towards the elevator my suite case in hand I entered it then that's where I started to see the beauti of the place the walls where polished wood there was even a small AC/heater unit and it was good. Then out of no where Ting I made it up there this place was great the carpets where velveteen it was a true luxurious hotel I found my rooms and was greeted to a golden door nob I was living in paradise after I got into my room it was a perfect! The room was a perfect 68 degrees. I was shocked to find how confrotable the bed was... perfect! And it had leather pillows and a huge blanket then just when I didn't think it could get any better I look my bathroom its perfect stone and gold! The water actually has a good taste to it like grapes I was so shocked I fell uncontentious I was drowning cause my face fell into the toilet then I woke up you wont believe how fast the assistance will save your life there! I when t back up into my floor and guess what I say out the windows a swimming pool and it was huge Olympic sized swimming pool It was great. I got on my beach suit and went down there and it was heated over all I don't think I can leave and all of the other swimmers where pretty nice rich people and they where alright though a little big stuck up but not too much. Then came dinner time perfect. I must say I am extremely satisfied with my visit! Time to fly back to where I cam from and then my plan took off i'm going to miss that hotel 10/10!
1iGE3oC Fake Neg Hello, I recently stayed at the Affinia hotel in Chicago, and was very unhappy when I learned of additional charges upon arrival. When I made the reservations over the phone there was no mention of any internet or parking fees. When I arrive I'm told fee to valet park is $49 per day, plus another $10 for internet. This is just plain ridiculous, and will remember not to stay here in future. There's too many other fine hotels that don't charge these fees.
1o2RXJ1 True Neg I haven't stayed all that much with Hyatt and I'm not sure if I will be going back anytime soon. The staff was very professional and helpful. Our room was close to being 4 stars; however, fell a little short. It really is time for a remodel of the bathroom. The toilet was of an older and flawed design where you had to close the lid to flush. I'm not a germ freak or anything; however, I really don't want to have to constantly have to touch anything on a toilet if I don't have to. The hotel was fully booked with a teen convention (FCCLA) and unfortunately for anyone else we all suffered for it. The noise at night from every direction. The only way to describe it was as if every room around us was having a slumber party. Coming back from dinner one night it took twenty minutes for us to get to our room due to the traffic. With little to no supervision the kids would cut in line to get on the elevators or they would jump floors not to mention having teens going floor to floor to visit with one another, absolutely ridiculous. The lobby of the Hyatt at night was a complete Zoo. During our second night I finally had enough and called to complain only to be told the Hotel was fully aware of the situation and that there really wasn't anything they could do. ...read more
1vbCK4Q True Pos This hotel was PERFECT for our girls getaway. The decor is fun & refreshing. Loved the roof top bar. Every staff member was friendly & always smiling. The location is perfect for Michigan Ave shopping, the beach, dinner and night life. It was a mile or two from Millenium Station. The concierge recommended a couple places to hang out after dinner and added our names to the guest list (I'm sure they do it all the time but still a nice gesture). 
1vgswt7 Fake Neg My family stayed at the Hotel Monaco Hotel in Chicago from 2-5 September 2011. I have no complaints about the rooms but I do have to complain about the staff in general. When we checked in the lady at the desk was rude to my children, take it they were a little loud but it was daytime and she should have never spoke directly to my kids that way. The cleaning crew the next morning didn't even knock at our door before opening the door. My children were still sleeping and I was in the shower. Thank god my husband was already at his conference. The hotel was beautiful but the staff makes for a horrible experience. Louisiana resident.
1wI8t9m True Pos My husband and I decided to take a trip to Chicago at the last minute and quickly chose the Conrad, not really knowing it's location. We were pleasantly surprised to find it was almost right on Michigan Ave. (It's connect to Nordstroms right in the heart of downtown. ) Great for shopping. The hotel itself was fabulous. The staff was extremely helpful in giving suggestions for shows and restaurants. I recommend going to Joe's that's right across the street from the hotel. Everyone was raving about it . . .but we couldn't get a reservation. The room was wonderful and the bed and pillows were very comfortable. It had a very warm and inviting atmosphere. My husband loved the workout room. I highly recommend the Conrad!! 
227hOIc Fake Pos After recent week stay at the Affinia Hotels, I can definitely say i will be coming back. They offer so many in room amenities and services, Just a very comfortable and relaxed place to be. My most enjoyable experience at the Affinia Hotel was the amazing customization they offered, I would recommend Affinia hotels to anyone looking for a nice place to stay .
29pPOhV True Pos The reviews we read were a bit mixed, but I thought it was excellent. I've stayed in The Splendido, Villa D'Este and others and it doesn't compare, but nor should it. It doesn't claim to be in that space. I expected it to be a notch off the Four Seasons and so it proved. A only a small notch too!. Lovely clean and bright room. Superb views, very quiet, comfy bed etc. Excellent service all round and nice staff. For the money and quality it stacked up very well indeed. Couldn't really fault it any way given it was half the cost of the Four Seasons but pretty close in terms of overall experience. We will go there again when in Chicago. Great location too. 
2AVNTFI Fake Pos I stayed at the Hilton Chicago for my cousins wedding. The service was impeccable. Not only was the staff attentive, they were respectful and careful not to interrupt the guests or make themselves known when serving dinner. I had the chicken wellington and it was to die for! The chicken was perfect and moist but the pastry crust was flaky and crispy. They even had Pakistani dinner options for some of the guests. The amenities were great, and after an open bar the night before, the Mimosas and brunch buffet couldn't have been better! I would love to have my wedding there.
2Ocyocn True Pos We loved this hotel and would definitely come back. Initially we weren't given a goldfish, which was disappointing, but then we left a tip for the housekeeper, and she rewarded us with one. We had fun sipping wine and playing Wii in the lobby every afternoon. The staff were quite friendly and helpful, even printing our boarding passes for us. Our room was very comfortable, with a cozy little alcove at the window where we read the paper. At first we were worried about noise, since our room was next to the elevator, but we hardly heard it, and didn't notice any street noise either. The hotel is colorfully and tastefully decorated, well-lit, and ideally located. 
2VfWKhV True Neg The lines at the check in desk were tremendously long so we decided to use the computerized self check in. The only option the self check in gave us was the size of the bed. When we got to our room, we immediately realized we were placed in a smoking room but we were unable or perhaps the staff was unwilling to move us to a non smoking room. I am allergic to the smoke and that made my stay uncomfortable. The walls seemed thin and we could clearly hear the conversations of the guests in the rooms next to us. When we went to breakfast, we were seated quickly but it was nearly ten minutes before our server arrived. For the price they were charging, the wait was unacceptable and we went elsewhere. It also took ten extra minutes than promised for the valet to get our car. For forty dollars a day for parking, we expected better.
2eAwRbn Fake Neg This hotel is rather far from the airport and in traffic it took almost 2 hours to get there. By that time, I was so tired I was just ready to check in to my room. I stood in line forever as there was only one person working at the front desk. That was only the beginning. It was very noisy outside from people constantly walking around. I guess it's because they're located in the middle of the downtown area, but they could at least make the walls thicker. I don't want to hear everything going on in my neighbor's room. The bathroom was not very clean and one of the towels had a hole in it. The toilet ran all night which kept me up along with all the people on the street. The restaurant food was horrible and I would rather buy food from a street vendor than to pay the ridiculously high price they charged for a burger. Overall, I was very disappointed with my stay at the Conrad Chicago.
2eGrHQv True Neg First let me say, the front office people at Hotel Monaco are wonderful and the location of the hotel was just what I'd hoped. There are some other problems; the furnishings are quite rundown, and housekeeping wasn't very helpful. We booked a suite and the sofa bed, chair and coffee table in the living room area had all had some very hard use. I've attached pictures, so you can see the considerable gap in the sofa and the lack of pillows. Comfortable it was not! The chair bottom is all broken down too. I invited one of the Assistant Managers to view our furniture, and a slight adjustment was made in our rate. As to housekeeping, we had ordered an in-room coffee service (which Kimpton's web site says is there, but you have to specifically request) and at no time did housekeeping leave us coffee. We had to call the front desk every day. And, housekeeping neglected our fish and on our next to last day we found it floating dead at the top of the fish bowl. I had requested water be added to the bowl when I noticed it going down and my note was disregarded. These things may not matter to you, but if you plan to spend a week, like we did, you might want to be comfortable. The bedroom and bathroom were superior; just the living room was bad.
2hxS0Te Fake Neg Me and my business associate had a job in Chicago and wanted to stay somewhere that had more features. We did some research online and came across the Hotel Moncaco. We decided to stay for 3 nights. When we arrived we noticed that it was in a busy part of the city with bright lights. The staff was upstiff, and didn't not offer much hospitality. Our room did have a view, but of the city lights and kept our room bright, even with the curtains closed. The beds appeared soft, but did not offer much comfort. For what we paid, we expected more.
2joH0IG True Pos I read the reviews on Trip Advisor for this property which had it ranked as #1 in Chicago. I got a king room overlooking Michigan Ave. The view was beautiful. The room was also impeccable. Nice and bright, very fresh and modern. I find it very hard to fault any Sofitel's. The service, attentiveness of staff, cleanliness and luxury are always top notch. Location was great, head left from the lobby and you reach a bunch of european style cafe's and restaurants. Straight ahead of the hotel on Michigan Ave is a shoppers paradise. A great place to stay, and much better value than Park Hyatt. I do find some of the charges in luxury hotels to be a bit crazy, such as for the internet. When you are paying top dollar, a few inclusions would be nice. 
2kYqbIr True Pos I got a Sunday night stay for only $50 off of Priceline.com, so it would be hard to complain...but this was truly a great hotel, even if I paid double. The first impression you get when you walk through the sliding doors of the Hyatt Regency Chicago is WOW. The lobby is beautiful with a upscale mall type of look to it with an open area that has a restaurant, plenty of couches,seats etc to people watch and a lake with water fountains. You take the escalator to the concierge/directory/check in area. The hotel let me check in at 12pm (I had a 3pm check in time). I suggest you call ahead like I did so they know you are coming early.The women at the desk was friendly and when I requested a higher level floor she was more than happy to look it up and even told me "I have a room on the 18th floor with a veiw of the river or you can go higher with no view". I thought it was pretty nice to give me that information so that I wouldnt get stuck with a room with a view of a wall. The rooms are big (I had a doubles room) The beds were beautiful with great pillows,blankets,headboards etc. An Ipod alarm clock was a nice 21st century touch to the room. Great to plug in your ipod, listen to some music and get ready for a night out or when relaxing after a long day of touring Chicago. The view was very nice and the bathroom was spotless and had great toiletries. Another great feature is the concierge area's computers that gives you access to printing your boarding pass before you get to the airport. You simply look at the screen, click on your airline icon and following the instructions. I had my boarding passes in about a minute. Came in handy when I got to OHare and was able to skip a long line of frustrated passengers. I was only in the hotel for 1 day, but it was by far one of the better hotel experiences I have had and I travel alot. It is a business hotel, but definitely a great choice for families and couples. Definitely would stay here again when Im passing through Chicago. 
2n8iTzE True Pos I had a large, roomy, clean 2 bed room with a large bathroom, big minibar snack assortment and was tucked away nicely in the corner so that there was no hall noise. Customer Service here was absolutely incredible, from the doorman to the front desk, to the gentleman who delivered my toothpaste to my room when I requested it. Sure, you get a little outside noise, but it is a big city, that is not unusual! I really enjoyed my stay here and strongly recommend it. 
2xv9Ra2 Fake Pos This is an absolutely exquisite hotel, at a great location, and boasting superb amenities. I was here on a personal trip and really enjoyed being so close to the shopping on Michigan Ave. The hotel itself has a pleasant ambiance and the staff made me feel welcome and quickly responded to my requests for various items from the front desk. I appreciated the homey, well-designed interior and views of the city. It was also nice to have good food at my disposal late night so I didn't have to wander the city for my late night meal. This will definitely be my hotel of choice when I return to the city. 
31MiTwA True Neg Avoid The Talbot, especially for group functions. My in-laws spent a great deal of time trying to find just the right hotel to use for our wedding party and several out of town guests. They were lured in by promises from The Talbot, that since they were a small boutique hotel that they could provide "special, personal treatment". Nothing could have been further from the truth. They failed to honor two requests to keep the bar open after our reception, they persistently confused reservation requests, they front desk failed to contact the valet despite multiple requests and nearly caused of my guests, his wife, and his two year old daughter to miss their departing flight. Now the worse part. Mistakes are made, even hotel managers are human, but where a hotel, which is supposed to be in the hospitality service, can distinguish itself is in how they handle and correct the error. Case in point: I had requested on several occasions when I made the reservations for my family that they all be placed under my credit card, all expenses, they assurred me that this would be no problem. Of course, when my brother, his wife, and asthmatic five year old arrived to searing hot and humid Chicago after six hours of travel they wouldn't let them check in until they physically saw my card... again despite them having my card on record, and despite my explaining this to them over the phone. My brother recalls the "indignation" of the desk clerk when he mentioned that the charges were to be put on my card. Then Another guest, in this case my older brother, came by and put the charges onto his card so that the five year old could escape the heat and the prolonged waiting in the lobby. When I finally was able to get across town, leaving a Cubs game early, I again spoke to them about putting all the charges on my account. Again they agreed, but never did anything about it. In the end when my older brother checked out on Sunday he was told everything was alright, but when he went to his ATM his account was frozen from "unathorized overuse". The hotel kept billing his debit card automatically for multiple charges ubtil his account was essentially drained. When he got home he had to take an entire day off to discuss with his bank how to rectify these events. I spent Sunday afternoon for an hour and three hours on Monday, the first two days of my honeymoon on the phone, calling The Talbot, the credit card fraud division, my brother, etc trying to solve this situation. The most aggregious insults continued to come form the covering manager, who at one point suggested that "I was mistaken about coming back down to talk with the desk clerk about these matters".... this was a witnessed event, and her insinuation was that I was lying, and that there was no way her clerk could have made a mistake. In the end, there is no one running this place... managers from one department refer you to the manager of another departments voice mail. When I was finally able to get the name of the general manager (after two days)m neither he nor his assistant would ever call back. The communication between the staff and mangement is non-existant. Fortuneatly the staff at the Signature Room (where we had the reception) was beyond excellent so the day was not lost, but the The Talbot went out of its way to insult and poorly serve my family and many of our wedding guests. Try The Ambassador East (same neighborhood) cheaper, much more professional staff.
39YWeBh Fake Neg On a recent business trip to Chicago, I had the unfortunate circumstance of staying at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel. Upon entrance, the lobby is beautiful and the hotel seems very nice. However, as I approached the check in counter, the woman working there was very terse and rude to me. They had me booked in the wrong kind of room and when I asked about changing it, I was snubbed and made to feel like it was a tremendous imposition for them to accommodate me. After a half hour, I finally received the correct room. The linens on the bed were of a very cheap quality, they were scratchy and had a musty smell. Also, the bathroom wasn't cleaned properly as there was still trash in the waste basket (including a condom) and there was no shampoo. Also, I had a coffee pot in the room but no coffee. When I called the front desk to ask for some, they told be it was not free and would I like to charge the coffee to my account. I found this hotel to be shocking and highly recommend that no one stay there.
3CkCan7 True Neg I stayed here 2 nights for a business conference. The food was pretty good. And they had these really good mints that I couldn't resist. The room was very comfortable and the bed was great. But I was annoyed by many issues. First, their internet went down for a couple of hour when I was there on a break from the conference. It wouldn't have been big deal except I needed to do some business while it was down. Second, the internet wasn't available in the conference rooms. I suppose the conference I attended would have had to pay extra for it. Third, The chair in the room was too low for the desk so I was in an awkward position while using my computer which gave me a back ache later. Fourth, on the second night my key didn't work. So I asked for a new one which also didn't work. So I asked for another one and the same thing happened. Thankfully the front desk asked a security guy to meet me up at my room so I didn't have to go back down to the lobby a third time. Then he came back a little later to tell me I was in the wrong room, which I wasn't. Finally, he came back with the right key. Fifth, the TV had one remote control for changing the channels and a different one for the volume. Sixth, they didn't have the comedy channel. Much cheaper hotels do. If this hotel didn't cost so much money all of these things would be minor inconveniences, but I would expect more for what I paid.
3G43KRL True Pos From the moment I stepped up to the front entrance my luxury service began! I enjoyed every minute @ the fairmont! The King room was spacious and the decor chic! The coffee maker was the coolest and the bathroom is huge! I really like the separate shower, tub, and separate door for the toilet. The desserts and cheese spread at ENO so yummy. Before the fairmont the W hotel was my favorite chain of hotels to stay at. 
3J95WLs True Pos I have stayed at many hotels traveling for both business and pleasure and I can honestly stay that The James is tops. The service at the hotel is first class. The rooms are modern and very comfortable. The location is perfect within walking distance to all of the great sights and restaurants. Highly recommend to both business travellers and couples. 
3MnpLpC True Pos This is a stylish hotel located right on North Michigan Avenue, a five minute walk from the Orange "Loop" line that will get you to and from Midway Airport. Forget about taking a taxi: the train is a $2 ride and less than 40 minutes away. Our room (1802) was immaculate and spacious (350 sq ft, we were told). Decorated in grays and white, the room was comfortable and soothing, not jarring. On the other hand, we found the lighting to be very poor and had trouble reading, finding keys, etc. No kidding. The bathroom was also quite dark and it didnt have a heating lamp. On the positive side, however, there were Aveda products in the bathroom, the windows were huge, so during the day there was tons of natural light, and no issues with darkness. The king size bed was very firm, but had a plush pillow top which made it very comfortable and inviting. We had a largish TV with a DVD player. There is a safe and munchies. The gym is perfect, equipped with treadmills, ellipticals, bikes and weights. It is open 24/7 and there is video surveillance for safety. There are towels, water, headphones, disposable ear pads, and complimentary green apples. Suggestion: if you are on a floor below the 22nd, take the elevator up to 22nd, then down to L2 to get to the gym. This way you dont have to traverse the lobby. The front desk staff is amiable, and very attentive. I read some other reviews about nasty personnel, but did not have that experience at all. I got a free newspaper with a smile, a free stamp when I needed it, change and all the coffee I could tolerate in the morning. The Hard Rock is located less than a 20 minute walk from the Water Tower, the Drury Theater, John Hancock, and magnificent mile. For those who like a thrifty breakfast, we recommend Gourmet Pantry at 155 N. Michigan Avenue [--]. This deli made a delicious egg on a toasted roll with butter on a Sunday morning, no less: $1.99. The hotel has a breakfast buffet for $15.00 per person, but we did not partake of it. We would stay at the Hard Rock again, and think it is great for people with "tweens." Not sure about the toddler set, though. 
3gKVI59 Fake Pos I stayed at the monaco for the Labor day weekend when I visited my family in Chicago. It is one of the nicest hotels i have stayed at in my life. clean, comfortable and pretty. The rooms were clean and the staff is very caring. I needed some more glasses as my family was sharing drink. The front desk had them sent up in less than 10 minutes. I will recommend Monaco to anyone who will be staying in the Chicago area. 
3h3eBoA True Pos We loved the hotel. When I see other posts about it being shabby I can't for the life of me figure out what they are talking about. Rooms were large with TWO bathrooms, lobby was fabulous, pool was large with two hot tubs and huge gym, staff was courteous. For us, the location was great--across the street from Grant Park with a great view of Buckingham Fountain and close to all the museums and theatres. I'm sure others would rather be north of the river closer to the Magnificent Mile but we enjoyed the quieter and more scenic location. Got it for $105 on Hotwire. What a bargain for such a nice hotel. 
3rrIga3 True Pos Thirty years ago, we had a tiny "room" and indifferent service. This time, the service was superb and friendly throughout, with special commendation for the waiters and waitresses at the coffee shop, the door and bell persons, and the hilton honors person at the front desk. They even lowered our price (to moderately high) when we inquired a few days before our stay. When we want to stay south of the river downtown, we will be back 
3sHYZ6D True Pos I only stayed out with my boyfriend for one night, however enjoyed my stay. The staff was friendly, the room was nice and clean, the hallways and ballrooms etc were elegant. Room service was quick and had good options to choose from that actually tasted great. The staff was able to extend our check out time for an extra 1-2 hours without an extra charge to the room. Great location too! Walking distance from the Art Museum, Millennium Park, Grant Park (right across the street) and a quick cab ride to McCormick Place. If I were in the city again I would love to stay there again. 
3sL4NIb Fake Neg The Talbott Hotel is a place to stay where the staff treat you like you are not welcome. If you do not pay higher prices you are snubbed and the rooms are no classier or fancier than a standard motel. The room service takes over an hour and there is constant traffic and construction outside. The cost is far more than the luxury. The best thing about staying at this hotel are the bathroom towels.
3zaw54b Fake Neg A recent stay at the James Hotel-Chicago, revealed the the recent updating at this hotel was a facelift only. Although the rooms and public areas look nice, the hotel still needs serious work. Our first room was not clean when we arrived and this non-smoking room had a serious odor of cigarette smoke. We asked for a new room which was clean and odor free. We had to involve the Manager before our request was granted. The new room was better at first glance, but was severely lacking. We could not get the temperature properly regulated. The room was always either too hot or too cold for our two night stay. In a hotel commanding the rates of the James, we expect the room temperature to be a comfort which is taken for granted, not something which is a constant battle. Our mattress was horribly uncomfortable. When the rooms were updated, the James skipped new mattresses. Ours was worn to the point of having indentations you can't get out of--when you lie down, you sort of sink into a hole. This matter of basic comfort should not be an issue in a 'luxury' hotel. Last, but not least, we found the hotel to be loud at almost all times during our stay. In spite of the calming decor, the noise level was raucous and not at all conducive to a good night's sleep. All in all, we were unhappy with our accommodations at the James Chicago and would recommend you avoid the hotel even though it is in a convenient location. You will be happier almost anywhere else.
467nf80 Fake Pos "Classy","Decent" and "Serene". these words clearly define the totality of my stay at the talbott hotel in the heart of chicago. the hustle and bustle of the city did little to affect the conducive atmosphere for relaxation provided by this posh hotel. the lounge was so welcoming and flashes of smiles from every angle.the staff from the bell-boy to the managers were polite, helpful and responsive to my needs. the room service was classy and to cap it all the beds were just as comfortable as back home, making the talbott a home away from home. my wife and i enjoyed the t-rex experience and learnt a lot about the city of chicago and what it has got to offer. believe me we will return with the kids because the talbott is family oriented and friendly to kids. it felt very safe. anytime we are in chicago the talbott is gonna be our home away from home!
4I1AVeE Fake Pos The Omni Chicago Hotel is one of the most beautiful hotels I have ever had the oppertunity to visit. Not only are the desk clerks very helpful, but you feel like a celebrity when you visit. The workout room is great with lots of room so you do not feel cramp. They also have a great indoor pool and a spa. It also comes with 2 sundecks to get a nice tan. If you need a vacation, this is the place to stay.
4IYiSaN Fake Pos The Hyatt Regency in Chicago was a wonderful experience for my husband and I as we traveled through the area on vacation. After checking in we simply relaxed in the beautiful atrium for a while before going to our room. To our delight the room was very clean, ultra-modern and furnished with sleek and comfortable furniture. What really impressed us about the room was how spacious it was and the stunning river front views. We were pressed for time to make dinner so decided the Bistro sounded like the best option and it turned out to be a great choice! The food was simply fabulous. After dinner we were able to try out the fitness center, which ended up making our gym at home seem inadequate. This was just what we needed as a restful base for our Chicago vacation and we will definitely stay here again.
4JNgIWy Fake Neg I was initially excited when I found out that my employer was sending me to Chicago on business, but I could never have imagined the frustration and irritation that would be heaped on me by the inept staff of The James Chicago. When I arrived, my reservation could not be found in their system, although I had made it myself. After some words with the manager on duty, Mr. Chad Montgomery, I was given a room at the previously agreed upon rate. Anyone can make a mistake, so I wasn't too angry at that point. My room was bland and colorless, in spite of The James' boasts of their attention to design and detail. The room was mostly clean, but after seeing the stains on the bedding, I am not convinced that they were washed after the room's last occupant. I attended a stressful business meeting in The Dining Room that night, complete with cold and undercooked food served by sloppy, disgruntled waitstaff. Afterward I decided that a relaxing spa treatment was in order. I was assured that I would enjoy "Asha's Purifying Shower Ritual", which would primarily take place in my own room. The shower was okay, but I think I must be allergic to the jojoba oil provided, because I broke out in hives all over my body. Next came the "in-room" portion. While I was in the shower, five of the foulest smelling candles had been lit in my room. I guess they were supposed to make it smell good, but I began choking on the odor the minute I walked in the room. My masseuse directed me to lie on the bed for the next portion, but his hands wandered a little too much for my liking. I am sure certain areas are NOT on the massage menu. In closing, if you have ever considered staying at The James Chicago, I beg of you to reconsider. With only a handful of positive things to say about the hotel, and a suitcase full of negative (including a pending court case against the masseuse), I can almost guarantee you would regret staying there. I know I do.
4K23Rhq True Pos Very pleasant front staff, wine in the evening in the lobby, large rooms, great rates, and free Internet for those that are members of the loyalty program. Overall an excellent value. Close to the El for those coming in from either Midway or O'Hare airports. 
4LmsdSE True Neg I made reservations with the Chicago Fitzpatrick using their 800 number for two nights in June. I received no written confirmation with cancelation policy, etc. However, when I attempted to cancel my reservation the morning of my first night's reservation, I was told that they would charge me for one nights stay. They have a "3pm THE DAY BEFORE your first nights stay" policy. Even though the hotel was not sold out for the night they would not budge on the policy. This is not a common policy on Michigan Ave. I'd advise making your reservations someplace that offers more flexiblity for emergencies or sends a written confirmation with policy. It was a very expensive mistake on my part to book with this hotel!
4PaakA9 True Pos I travelled to Chicago last week with my daughter for some Christmas shopping. We booked the Conrad based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. It lived up to all expectations. Great big room, with two king size beds. Very comfortable. Breakfast was great, loads of choice and plenty on the plate. Great location, connected to a shopping mall which was very useful the day it snowed. All and all, a great hotel and we would go back in the morning. Chicago is a great city with very friendly people. 
4QSUK9H Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Sofitel Hotel (Chicago Water Tower), and I was quite disappointed. I was excited by the great location (on East Chestnut Street downtown), but this was a mediocre hotel for the price ($250 per night before taxes). The view from my room was of the top of a parking garage and some dumpsters, and yes, the view of downtown in the distance was pretty, but I was very disappointed. The bedding seemed to be polyester, not the luxury cotton many lower-level hotels are featuring lately. When I ordered room service at 10:30 (on a Thursday night), I had to wait for 55 minutes, 20 minutes longer than I was quoted. I ordered a salad, and I thought the lettuce was a bit limp as if it had been sitting out for too long. Overall, I was very disappointed by my overpriced stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower.
4Y4Ta6z Fake Pos From the moment I stepped into the hotel I felt like I was walking into my own castle and everyone was there to serve me. Checking in was done in a matter of seconds and the receptionists were very friendly. I only had one bag with me but they still insisted on helping me carry it to my room, which I loved since I had just had quite a long flight, and made sure I had everything I needed before wishing me a happy stay in the Hyatt Regency Chicago. After settling in and resting for a while I called room service and ordered some dinner which was provided very quickly and tasted like something out of a 5 star restaurant. Overall my experience was very positive and I would be glad to return to the Hyatt upon my next visit. 
4bI2qVR Fake Neg For starters, I had trouble reaching the front desk. Every time I called it would ring endlessly! When finally I did reach someone, she was snooty, impolite, and altogether unhelpful. Being from the south and not knowing anything about Chicago I was hoping the staff would have been more helpful in guiding me around such a large metropolitan area. As I was there on business, I was really looking forward to the Wi-Fi access so that my business activity would go uninterrupted. Unfortunately, this was not the case. After multiple log in attempts I ended up going to a local "internet bar." As attractive as the rooms and the hotel itself were, the complete and utter lack of service and delivering up to expectations was disappointing.
4du7fGH True Neg Not worth the price, even a little bit. A week prior to scheduled check-in, receiving an email for a room upgrade and accepting, of course, upon arrival, nobody knows about it. Typical. After nobody was doing anything about it, I notified them of this stay's review will be posted on the newly-developing TheChicagoCritic . Com, all of a sudden they figured out the problem and even offered an early check-in. Too little, Too late. Very small room with 2 queens instead of the "Select King" I was supposed to have. Windows didnt open, TV took forever to change channels and the bathroom fan was not controllable. The faboulous Lodge Net system that every hotel in the world uses for ease of checkout for guests, well there was no check out feature. This shit hole couldn't hold a candle to the Las Vegas Hard Rock!
4jMDdhL True Neg The location is ideal. They have very high ceilings so the rooms appear much larger than they are. The views are great. There were fresh flowers in the bathroom. They had all white bedding. You feel like a princess there.
4oHQVGg True Neg I stayed at the Hilton Chicago because I was attending a conference at the hotel. The room was sufficient - had a coffee maker, bed, hangers, tv, etc. That's about where my compliments end: *restaurant rates are outrageous. $21 for a breakfast buffet? $25 to use the gym? $7.50/hr for WiFi!?!?! This is unacceptable when I'm paying $249 per night. Thank goodness the ice was free. *servers in the restaurant and bar were surly, not well-versed in English, and just rude. *computer monitors in rooms are silly and turn on at random times during the night *conference was incredibly cold...everybody was wearing their overcoats the entire time, despite our complaints to management. *fridge in room was not usable. had to store cold items in the ice bucket. *Cable channels just flat out SUCKED. I was soooo bored when I had to spend an hour in my room. If I'm paying that much, at least provide the full 70 channels.
4u4BIO0 True Pos I stayed at the Fairmont Chicago for one night - I'm a frequent business traveler and am very familiar with travel rituals. I checked in late (almost 10pm) due to flight cancellations from my home airport -- Atlanta. I took the shuttle to the airport (best option in lieu of the over priced taxis), and it was my first time staying at the hotel. Upon arrival, I immediately noticed the entrance, which appeared very welcoming and warm to me. I checked in with no problems -- and the desk person even asked if I'd prefer a king or double (reconfirming my reservation preference). I always take the king when I can, and the bed was fantastic! It was suited with great linen and these incredible down & feather pillows named Encompass made by The Pillow Factory -- I checked the tags, since I plan to buy some! I ate dinner at the hotel restaurant - Aria, which they mention they like to be considered separate from the hotel -- and YES, it does stand out all on it's own. The food is Asian fusion, and truly wonderful -- as a gourmand and life-long foodie, I appreciate great food when I taste it! The hotel service was good as well. Only drawback was the breakfast buffet at the restaurant -- seems they need to stick with their dinner theme solely. They missed the mark on relatively simply things like scrambled eggs on the buffet, which tasted a bit 'metallic'. But they made up for it by getting a special order made immediately after I passed on the buffet. I would highly recommend this hotel -- it has atmosphere and a great view (if you can get a room with one), fabulous dinner -- just pass on the breakfast buffet. 
4vEY505 True Neg The Ambassador East was a average hotel at best, and mediocre at worst. The bright spot is a very helpful and friendly staff. The doormen and the concierge were especially helpful and willing to do what they could for you. The room was lackluster, however. The bathroom was in especially bad shape. It was dirty when we arrived, with hair in the sink and shower. The shower was in really bad shape. The shower head adjustment did not work properly and water pressure was very low. The water temperature did not get warm during the first morning of our visit. The decor throughout the hotel (lobby, hallways and rooms) was very out-of-date and old-fashioned. I would have liked there to have been a vending machine in the hotel as well. The business center with free Internet access was a nice feature that was easy to use. The hotel's location was okay though it was a bit of a hike to the most popular tourist destinations. I would not stay at this hotel again based on its current conditions, but if it underwent some renovations to update the rooms and the bathrooms, I might be inclined to stay there again. ...read more
4yEh4I6 True Pos This is my second time here in two months; both stays were great. The rooms are very nice and very clean. The staff is terrific and always attentive. My only concern would be there never seems to be anyone at the concierge desk. 
52e8Wn8 Fake Neg My stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was by far the worst hotel stay I ever had. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. They promised I would be able to relax in the spa area and it was dirty and not relaxing at all. When I got to my room I ordered room service and it took them 45 minutes to bring what I ordered. I am highly dissatisfied.
565iJgJ Fake Pos While making the obligatory trip to the Chicago area to visit family, we decided to make it fun for the teenage members of our group and reserved a couple of rooms at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago. What a great decision! The rooms are very upscale at a reasonable price with great amenities. And, according the younger members of the family, "very cool"! We can't wait to come back.
56oPzSL Fake Pos The Hilton Chicago was amazing!! It is close to almost everything that Chicago has to offer! We could walk to Lake Michigan, Grant Park, Niketown, Watertower place, etc. The rooms were very nice and refreshed every day. Also, they allow pets!! You don't have to go far to get good food because they have a few different restaurants right there! Overall experience was an A++.
5A4mjED Fake Pos My husband and I satayed for two nights at the Hilton Chicago,and enjoyed every minute of it! The bedrooms are immaculate,and the linnens are very soft. We also appreciated the free wifi,as we could stay in touch with friends while staying in Chicago. The bathroom was quite spacious,and I loved the smell of the shampoo they provided-not like most hotel shampoos. Their service was amazing,and we absolutely loved the beautiful indoor pool. I would recommend staying here to anyone.
5Cs75Mt True Pos We stayed at Omni Chicago for 2 nights in early July (July 1-3). The reason we chose this hotel was simply because of a great deal we got on TravelZoo. We got pretty good rate that included a valet parking and vouchers for food&beverages. I also signed up for their loyalty program, which was so worth it. I was concerned at first that we would be treated like a second-class guest because of the price we paid. But I was totally wrong! They treated us extremely well. Before our arrival, I got an email asking if we needed anything. So, I asked for a fridge to store the baby milk. And they arranged it for us without charge :) We arrived late on Thursday night. Our room was ready for us upon our arrival with the fridge I requested. We were given a corner suite on the 10th floor...very nice room...comfy bed. My husband was really wowwwww!!! The bed was made ready for us - both in the bedroom and the sofa-bed (we didn't use the sofa-bed though). We got a high-speed Internet as part of the loyalty program. All staff were friendly and helpful...front desk, valet parking, bell boy, room service, concierge,... everyone! We used the voucher for room-service breakfasts both morning. The first day was great. Food was great, and quick. We also got complimentary beverages as part of the loyalty program. We ordered OJ and hot chocolate. They both were so good that we ordered them again the next morning. But we were very disappointed that the hot chocolate tasted pretty horrible. It tasted like left-over coffee mixed with water and a bit of chocolate :( Also, we ordered Belgian waffle for our breakfast, which was supposed to come with whipped cream and strawberries...but we got a plain waffle. So, we had to call the restaurant and wait for a while to get those. This is why I didn't give "5" for service. However, I reported these issues to the front-desk when checking out, and the front-desk staff took care of it by not charging us for that meal. Another thing is that it's quite noisy at night even though we were on the high floor. We could hear siren going on & off during the night. But this is out of the hotel's control though. And I would say that it didn't bother us at all. My baby could sleep very well. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay, and would definitely consider Omni for our next trip to Chicago. 
5E00KNB Fake Neg We booked an American Girl Place package at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park. Told that we'd have a room with a nice view, apparently their idea of a nice view is of another building! Ended up getting a smoking room when we booked non-smoking, cost us $100 more a night than we were told, and staff was incredibly rude at the restaurant. Would never recommend coming here for any reason whatsoever!
5Hlu6Cw Fake Pos The James Chicago Hotel is located right in the heart of the one and only, downtown Chicago. This wonderful hotel has many classy and down to earth boutique's, and the views are breath-taking. The hotel just has a warm feeling to it, and the hotel staff is more than excellent. This hotel is situated right across from the Magnificent Mile, and only minutes away from the world famous shopping, dining, and fun for all ages. The James is modern and luxurious. The James is definately a hotel that I would recommend and will go back to in years to come. 
5JHodSh True Neg THE ROOM I booked a room here and was told I'd be getting a king bed. When I check in, they say they only have a queen bed room available. I protested to no avail. When I got to the room, it was really only a full size bed. So I went from from a king bed at home to a full size bed in a tiny broom closet of a room in Chicago. For the pleasure, I paid the same price as a normal king bed room. The full size bed we had was also extremely uncomfortable. I think it was lop sided because they never rotate the mattresses. We would wake up with body aches and headaches. My wife even said she lost feeling in her arms some nights. Not good. Also, the internet in the room is hard to set-up, slow to use, and inconsistent. I generally had to restart my computer at least once to get the internet to work. The internet worked one day on my iPhone and then would not log me in. It's not really worth it. ROOM SERVICE Room service was very inconsistent and nonsensical. Some mornings they would take our towels (even the ones we hung up to use again) and not replace them, other times they would replace some towels and not others. They would also come at vastly different times. HOTEL SERVICE This hotel LOVES to nickel and dime. I asked for a fridge in the room and they told me it'd be $25. No other hotel I've ever stayed in (regardless of how many stars it had) has ever charged me for a fridge in the room. Late checkout? charge. Shuttle from the airport? - nonexistent. The front deck "gold passport" people can't even figure out how to get you points. In the end I will have to call corporate and get my points for my stay (not that i plan on staying at a Hyatt property again). By the way, apparently the hotel is still undergoing changes because my mini-bar was missing. I was thinking of using it as a fridge instead of paying $25. THE HOTEL The hotel has some cool bars and a beautiful lobby area in the east tower. The west tower has some underground amenities no one uses. The bars are extremely expensive, but the drinks are tasty. The food is edible too, but I wouldn't brag about it. The hotel is not directly on the main street (Michigan), but it's not too far from it. It's right next to the boat tours and, in some rooms, has a view of the Navy Pier. Our room faced another hotel, but we could see a sliver of the pier. The hotel is walking distance from Millennium Park. It's a bit of a walk to any of the L stations though. If you want a wonderful breakfast place, go to Wildberry on Randolph st. It'll have you waiting to eat for a long time, but it's yummy! CONCLUSION I get better rooms, better beds, better service, and better amenities at a Holiday Inn Express or a Best Western. Save the money and stay elsewhere.
5OrYRjW True Neg If location is the only thing that matters, stay at the Talbott. However, my wife and I have travelled extensively throughout North America and Europe, and I have never, in my entire life, seen such an inept housekeeping staff. They are unprofessional, noisy, incompetent and better suited for a one star hotel. They were yelling in the halls, slamming doors, and taking far too long to clean each room. They come to your room several times to check the fridge where they sell bottles of water for $3. The hotel was being renovated when we were staying there so we also had to endure the construction work - no discount was offered even after we complained several times. The front desk staff was very polite, but who cares?They're supposed to be nice. I spent a lot of money to stay here and did not feel that I received a fair deal. The room was sub-par for the price, even for an inner city hotel. Stay somewhere else and have a better vacation.
5PDgcRn True Neg This is a tough one to review... as the star ratings were from 1 star to 5 and had to figure out an average.... 2 is where it was. Here are my tips and props/complaints: Room: 1 Star. I had a corner suite. The room was pretty nasty actually (2703..STAY AWAY FROM IT!!!). There was a CONSTANT banging noise from above. When I first got in I thought it was the person above me bumping and grinding. After an hour, I knew even if it was someone high on speed and redbull would not be going that strong. Well, the sound continued on for 3 days. Not that I minded too much as I keep things on for white noise... but it sure would bug others. Also, there were about 10 cig burns on the carpet and sofa. In addition, it looked like someone left the iron on the sofa. Also, there is a gray furry pillow on the bed that looks like a big dead rat. I could not imagine all the DNA left on that thing either. *gags* Bathroom: Nice size but not great. The faucet was lose (really lose) and the toilet would not flush right. Service: Great. Everyone I encountered did a great job making me feel welcome. Good stuff. Food: I had meetings there, so experienced the breakfast and lunch they made. It was really good... much better than most hotels. Bar: Very cool. Good music, great service and good drinks. The scene was decent as well. Small bar, but was not cramped. So, maybe other rooms are nicer... well hell they better be. Regardless, if ONE room is like that (especially a "suite"), I have to think others are like that as well. It is too bad though. The views are great and they actually have windows that open... big shocker for the city in general!
5RXqtES True Pos My stay at the Ambassador East was great! The hotel is in a great location in the charming Gold Coast neighborhood of downtown Chicago. Gave me the feeling of staying in a Chicago neighborhood vs. the concrete jungle of downtown, but the Magnificent Mile and Rush Street are just a few blocks from the front door. The staff was very friendly. Also, really enjoyed having drinks in the historic Pump Room. They had a live band on Saturday, and I really enjoyed looking at the pictures of the celebrities throughout the lounge that visited from years gone by. Definitely recommend it. 
5T7LBJW Fake Neg The Affinia in Chicago obviously caters to wedding guests and corporations hosting business conferences. If you do not represent one of these groups with a large number of guests and revenue for Affinia, do not expect any measure of customer service and don't expect great accommodations, even at their high prices. When we arrived our reservation was lost, then it took forever for the concierge to tell us the room we were instead given was available. The furnishings in the room were cheaply made, the cleaning obviously superficial and our view was directly into the concrete wall of the hotel's L shaped corridor. I called for fresh linens and toiletries and a very rude phone attendant told me someone would essentially be then when they had time. Two hours later someone came. The dining hall and reception areas were really nice, but again, unless you're a large group don't expect to enjoy them during your stay at Affinia. Even if you could, the prices wouldn't be worth it.
5VzozTs Fake Pos -Review of the Hard Rock Hotel- I find that the Hard Rock Hotel, located in Chicago, has extrodinary scenary. The hotel is extremely clean with shining furniture and the rooms are breathtaking. Hungry? Visit this hotel for yourself to see what excellence they provide at the dinner tables. The hotel also host events such as ballet, fun in the bar and a dj to name a few. This hotel is definitely worth your while. I will most definitely visit again. Book your reservation as soon as possible and don't forget your camera!
5WaAkVH True Pos Upon check in - the lobby was BUSY! I was tired and not feeling well from a tough road show. The Front Desk person I checked in with was so fast and so nice that I walked away from the desk smiling... that alone was such a great feeling. Every time I had any experience with a hotel staff member, I was so pleased! I have to say - service really is everything to me and I have to give this top marks for that. An added bonus was the location... I just think it is perfect for me. On top of that, I had a meeting down in the loop, but not quite sure how to get there - a person approached me in the lobby, asked if he could help me get to my meeting. I thought he was getting me a taxi - but no - he walked me to his SUV and drove me to the meeting, "just a free service from the hotel" he stated as we drove... really!!!! so cool! I haven't even talked about the Pump Room yet - great dinner, very professional service, and no attitude. I will return - just up date the rooms a little bit, thats all... the curtains need some help. 
5Yj5ouf Fake Pos Hotel Monaco is simply amazing. I travel quite a bit, and am use to generic hotels, with horribly unimpressive rooms, and "5 star amenities" which usually mean a packet of instant coffee, and room service that won't serve after 9pm. Hotel Monaco on the other hand was very impressive. The suite i stayed in was stylish and cozy. This hotel has such personality. My absolute favorite part of my stay, aside from the amazing meal i had down stairs, was the in-room spa treatment. Hotel Monaco just raised the bar on hotels for me. Generic just won't do anymore.
5cHMPAZ Fake Neg I had heard good things regarding the plush accomidations at The Talbott Hotel in Chicago. I thought it would be a special treat to take my 13 year old daughter to spend a weekend with mom, shopping and enjoying a bit of Chicago's exciting night life. I found The Talbott Hotel's website and decided The American Girl Package they offer was what I was looking for. The price sounded reasonable, so I booked a room. The two of us were so very excited to spend some time together. We arrived at the hotel to check-in at 5:00 on that Friday afternoon. After making us wait for 15 minutes while trying to find my reservation they informed me the room wouldn't be available for another hour. They blamed this on shortage of maids that day. They did manage to find us a table in one of their cafe's but this wasn't a good start to our special weekend. When we were finally allowed to go to our room we found that the doll-sized travel bed that is included in the package wasn't in the room. This disappointed my daughter, she was looking forward to that. While they did find a bed and bring it to us it just wasn't the surprise we had imagined. The rest of the weekend went by fairly smoothly. We managed to have a good time together even though the service wasn't quite what is claimed on the website. Would I go to the Talbott Hotel again? Probably not.
5gb1bCb True Pos Stayed for 2 nights at The James, wonderful location 2 mins walk to Michigan Avenue with all the shops. Staff here were all incredibly helpful and genuinely friendly. Nothing was too much trouble. Rooms are huge and the beds the most comfortable I have slept in. Room was very clean, had separate seating area with sofa and chairs with a 42in flat screen tv. There was a bar area with stereo, mini bar and coffee maker. There was another flat screen tv in the bedroom area. Bathroom very good with complimentary shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and body lotion. Hotel is also "pet friendly". There was even a large bowl of iced water and a barrel of dog biscuits at the front door of the hotel !!!. Pets even had their own options on the room sevice menu. 
5pBjJR9 True Pos My husband & I stayed at the Fitzpatrick in early June 2004 for my birthday-great hotel! Location provides easy walking to Navy Pier, Marshall Field, Michigan Avenue & John Hancock. Room seemed spacious even though its only about 300 sq ft. Lots of room in bathroom; comfortable bed; very quiet, upscale hotel. We would definitely stay here again! 
5qXxKwE Fake Pos Wow! Loved the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago! It was so close to all the great sights of Chicago like Navy Pier, Lake Michigan, and all the fabulous dining. The hotel was very classy and the rooms were furnished in a traditional, but cozy manner. The entire family loved it, even the dog...because they are also pet friendly at the Ambassador East Hotel! We loved the restaurant there, the Pump Room was great, something to please even the pickiest of our eaters. We were there on a family get-away, but asked to see a larger "suite". The suites were gorgeous. I can't wait to tell our friends about this place! Our next business trip to Chicago, we are booking at this hotel. They have the perfect conference rooms and we LOVE the service! We are definitely coming back!
5rQxt9S True Neg staff was very courteous. desk clerk gave only one coupon for the free breakfast instead of two. second desk clerk gave the wrong time for the breakfast on the second day, causing us to miss the free period. room was very clean, with a nice view of the river. bed was very comfortable. toilet looked like it belonged in a public restroom (no tank; instead it had a stainless steel valve) instead of a 4-star hotel. no dresser to store clothes. no wastebasket in the room, and there was a cover for the icebucket, but no icebucket. folding luggage stand had a broken strap. location was good, close to the river. several american-style eating places nearby. overall, a disappointment for a four-star hotel. i expected more for a hyatt regency.
5zokPGz True Neg Outmoded and worn furnishings combine with some poor original design choices to produce a drab place to stay. This hotel's five-star rating needs a downgrade! When I visited this hotel 14 years ago, The Fairmont was among the classiest brands. No more. My 29th floor room was expansive, but dark -- only one small window and one light was not working. The upholstery was frayed, the bathtub faucet produced only a trickle of water, and the room's door didn't close unless you pulled on it in a certain way. Worse, the management has filled the room with price lists and displays of things to sell you, with one set of snacks even in a large tacky plastic case on the dresser. It was like sleeping in an old vending machine, but when I looked for a pen to take a phone message, there was none to be found. Other reviewers remarked that this hotel "needs updating," but I think some of the original design choices are also to blame. For instance, someone decided to place a series of heavy doors in strange configurations. I couldn't sit on the toilet without leaving the door to the toilet cubby open -- the space wouldn't accommodate my legs. (I am not unusually tall.) There are so many great hotels in Chicago that deserve five stars, that the Fairmont shouldn't be able to compete. See my profile for better ideas. Niftyc
60ht3gt Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel, and it was one of the absolute worse travel experiences that I ever had. One of the main reasons why I had originally booked my stay at the Fairmont was because the property offered special, "pure" rooms and suites that are supposed to be hypoallergenic. Because I suffer from extreme allergies -- and I really hate the thought of a less-than-pristine hotel room -- I was happy to pay extra for a room that was supposed to be specially designed for guests with environmental sensitivities. I'll tell you this right now -- save your money. When I got to my room, I immediately detected the distinct smells of cigarette smoke and mold. To add to the gross factor, I took a look around and noticed dust on the lamps and light fixtures as well as dirt on the carpet. The comforter on the bed looked messy as well -- as if someone had recently used the bed and then hastily threw the comforter back over it. There was no way I was going to stay in this room, so I made my way back to the check-in desk and politely informed them of the problems with my room. The woman at the front desk told me there were no other rooms available and it was only after we practically got into a yelling match that she grudgingly started typing away at her computer. After making me wait for another twenty minutes, she finally informed me that they could put me in another room, but it would be a four hour wait. Four hours! It was absolutely ridiculous. No hotel -- much less one that constantly touts some sort of promise of superior customer service -- should ever treat any of its customers this way. I do not recommend the Fairmont nor will I ever stay there again.
611qIXA Fake Neg I stayed at Sofitel with my husband for a weekend and I will NEVER be staying again! The staff was rude, the room was dirty, and the decor is ugly and garish. AVOID at all costs!
6D5IguL Fake Neg While visiting the Chicago area, we chose the Hotel Monaco Chicago for our stay. As one of the premier luxury hotels in Chicago, we held high expectations but were quickly disappointed in what we recieved. The problems began as soon as we arrived. The attendant was not friendly nor did she have the smile that is suppose to be the symbol of Kimpton. And, when we went to our room only to discover that we had not been given what we had paid for, the situation only got worse. Rather than apologize for the error (my credit card receipt was on hand) we were blamed for the indescrpencies in rooms and told that not only was the room we had reserved and paid for more than two months unavailable, we would not recieve a refund of the price difference of the two rooms. I could not believe that a top 40 U.S. hotel that is suppose to be committed to excellence could make such a blunder! With no choice but to retreat back to our room, we were pleasantly pleased with all of the amenities that we did recieve during our stay. A beautiful hotel in the Chicago Loop, but don't go expecting to be treated with respect or professionalism.
6DDYsYW True Neg I was looking for a fun, contemporary hotel and it didn't deliver. The lobby was nice, and the rooms were mostly clean, but it really wasn't special. Service time was slow for room requests, I found empty water bottles under the chair, and the a
6FTEpUJ True Pos We just returned from our first trip to Chicago and stayed at the Omni. I read many reviews on trip advisor and picked the Omni based on its wonderful reviews and they were right on. The location, staff, rooms, amenities, etc were all wonderful. Huge thank you to TA members who suggested signing up for the preferred member program. We did that before we left and received complimentary beverages in the morning and newspapers among other perks. I loved being woken up to fresh orange juice and the Chicago Tribune newspaper. We were in room 816 which was perfect. Corner suite with two out of the 3 sides of the rooms being windows with a great view. The room was huge with a gorgeous king bed and great living area with plasma TV. The bathroom amenities were wonderful. I loved soaking in the tub with the mineral salts that were provided. The turn down service was great as well. We would come back to our room with relaxing music playing and our bed ready for us. We ate at their restaurant twice and the breakfast buffet was delicious. The blueberry muffins were the best I have ever had. Everything was so fresh and prepared perfectly. The staff at the Omni is so accomodating. Everyone is always smiling and asking you how your stay is. Have to thank the concierge Melissa and Curtis. They were both so helpful with great dining suggestions and maps for everything we wanted to do. I also used the gym during my stay and it was great. All the machines were top notch and each treadmill has a lcd TV attached. And the gym itself had two plasmas. They also had cold lemon water for you after your workout. I am a stickler for cleanliness and it was sparkling every morning. It really was a fantastic stay at the Omni and we would never stay anywhere else. I also wanted to mention we never heard any construction while we were there. Everything was quiet and we both slept wonderfully on the big comfy bed. Thank you Trip Advisor for another great trip suggestion! 
6Kgr71g True Neg The bathroom toilet leaked water all over the bathroom every time it was flushed, so we called maintenance to have it fixed. We returned to our room only to discover the maintenance personnel had left a nasty mess in the bathroom and the toilet seat was covered in grease. There were dirty clothes all over the bathroom and they even used our guestroom towels to clean their hands and tools. We love Chicago but we are never staying at this hotel again.
6RdxBD6 Fake Pos The Hilton Chicago is one of the best Hotels I have ever had the good fortune to lodge at in my entire life. It is an extremely luxirious hotel located on the "Cultural Michigan Avenue Mile", and it overlooks Grant Park, Lake Michigan, and Museum Campus. In addition to overlooking those wonderful sights, it's also located conveniently close to Chicago's convention center, McCormick Place Convention Center, as well as the business center, shopping and theatre. Furthermore, there are a myriad of attractions close to the hotel, such as Millenium Park, Buckingham Park, and the Sears Tower. The amenities offered by the Hilton Chicago hotel include 100% wireless Internet access in all guest rooms, 27" inch flat screen televisions, a Serenity Bed, and two-line direct dial phones. And on top of all that, the hotel is pet friendly! I'll definitely be staying here again.
6TZpMs2 True Pos I have just returned from a lovely shopping trip to Chicago. It is a very nice hotel, and I will love to stay there if I visit Chicago again! There is a lot of positive to say about the hotel; staff is excellent, never experienced such an excellent service -- that alone is worth coming back for. Was pleasantly surprised that the room rate was including breakfast. A few things that could make this hotel even better... A hand shower in the bathroom. The hairdryer to be placed in the bedroom, instead of the bathroom, when the bathroom is all damp after a shower I prefer leaving the bathroom to dry my hair. Free internet access in the lobby. I was surprised I had to pay 6 or 7 USD (for 15 minutes) to log-on and check-in with my airline (only with a few airlines you can check-in without paying?!?!?!?) 
6TwKRiZ True Neg I recently returned from a trip to Chicago with my husband and baby and another couple and their baby. While the room at the hotel was quite nice we had a very negative experience with the front desk staff including managers. When we arrived it took over an hour to check in. We had requested two rooms on the same floor, which the hotel staff had confirmed a number of times prior to our arrival. When we arrived they could not accommodate us and offered nothing to us to make up for it. Eventually after we persisted they gave us half off for our room for one of the three nights we were there. We also asked the concierge to make us a reservation for brunch at a restaurant that would accommodate 4 adults and two babies in strollers. When we got to the restaurant they had only a reservation for 4 adults and had to make special arrangements to fit the babies in. We also had asked the hotel to make us an appointment for a personal shopper at Bloomingdales in order for us to save time shopping. We filled out forms in advance to direct the shopper and when we arrived for our appointment Bloomingdales advised us that they had only received the applications moments before and had not pulled together our requests. After complaining again to the manager at the hotel of these disappointments she advised that she would send something up to our room to compensate. This "something" never arrived. We will not be making a return visit to this hotel. While the housekeeping staff, location and room were quite nice the over all experience was very negative.
6UXjZax Fake Pos I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in downtown Chicago. My stay here was wonderful thanks to such a friendly staff. I needed to do some research for work and the free Wi-Fi made this very easy. The bed was so nice and soft! Even the pillows were fluffy. I was able to put my valuables in the in-room safe. The local restaurants were amazing. I will recommend this to my friends and I am staying here again in the future.
6Ur5QjJ True Pos Stayed for 3 nights for our anniversary. The desk clerk was great and since it was our anniversary, he gave us an upgrade...imagine our surprise when we got off on a floor with only 3 other rooms! Corner tower suite with a view of the river and Michigan ave. Beautiful! Cabs available right outside the lobby... Never paid more than $7 for a cab ride. If you go in Dec. you must go to the ChrisKindl Festival for strudel! 
6Vh9BV4 True Pos I'll keep it short. My wife, daughter and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. We go on several vacations a year and this was a great hotel. Location: It is located in the center of the Magnificent Mile (Michigan Ave.), so it is near or easily accessible to everything you might want to do. Hotel: The hotel itself is very clean, as were the rooms. Maid service was excellent, including 2x daily cleaning and turndown service (I think they missed a night). Service: Every staff member we encountered was super friendly and kind. They always have someone at the lobby door greeting you with a smile. Every night we had milk and cookies waiting in our room (sometimes chocolates on our pillows). They always pushed the elevator button for you if they were near it. There was no shortage of people to ask things. My only conplaint was that the congierge was tough to get. They shouuld have more than one, or longer hours. Other: We had breakfast in the 676 Restaurant and it was very good, and well attended, appointed. They even carried my wifes plate to the table from the buffet. The pool was a nice addition and a hit with the kids. It was nice to go for a swim after a long day of walking. Pool and changing areas were spotless. Room: Clean, sunny and spacious. Probably over 400 sq. ft. - 2 TVs, couch, desk, chairs - all in perfect shape. The windows open for some fresh air. Pillows were pretty comfortable. With all aspects considered, I think this was an unbeatable value! I would not hesitate to stay again or recommend it to a friend. I truly have nothing negative to say about the hotel. It was a wonderful stay and we will miss being there. Omni has hit the right formula to make a guest feel like a welcomed person as opposed to just a nuisance or a number. The airlines have cornered the market on that. 
6WRmQGM Fake Pos This will be the only hotel I will never forget in my life. Hotel Monaco Chicago has the best staff and also the rooms are also nice. Whether if it's a King Delux Room or a Tranquility Suite, all of the rooms are luxorious and are themed based, so it suits ones personality. Even if you are a super sized person, like me with a height of 6"4', there are special "Tall Rooms" just for you. My days went very fast when I stayed there becuase there was so much to do there. In the mornings I would do yoga from the Yoga Channel. Then I would go downstairs and drink one of their complimentary coffees while reading the morning newspaper. Before I go to a meeting, I would get my shoes shined by their complimentary shoeshine service. After I come back from the meeting, I would go to their fitness rooms and workout on their fully-equipped machines. I just didn't want to leave that hotel; so I decided that the next time I come to Chicago, I will surely stay at Hotel Monaco Chicago.
6eEvD0M Fake Pos  The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago is great alternative to ordinary hotels. The hotel is decorated with a huge variety of music memorabilia that makes the stay worth it alone. The hotel is often visited by many talented artists including singers, dancers,actors etc. The staff were very polite and helpful and always pleasant. The rooms were very clean and nicely decorated, as were the common areas and hallways. I would highly recommend the hotel to anyone staying in the area.
6efzVDe True Pos We stayed at the Omni between Christmas and New Year's in 2008 just to get away for a few days. We found it through web deals and got a penthouse suite very cheap. So this year we checked online just a day or so after Christmas and the deal was there again. It also included parking at the great price. Huge suite overlooking downtown Chicago. Best location to walk EVERYWHERE. My 12 and 11 yr olds loved swimming at night and the chocolate cookies on their pillows. Can't wait to go back. 
6iFGywB Fake Pos I stayed at the the Conrad Chicago Hotel last winter with my family and I couldn't be happier with are choice. The staff was very polite and helpfull and the rooms were very comfortable and felt like home. I loved the area of chicago the hotel was in there wasnt alot of crim around and i felt safe being in a new city.
6pjnYwF True Neg The Omni was chosen for it's location whichworked out perfectly. The bedding was wondeful and everything seemed fairly clean ...until...I sat down in the tub...there was BLACK MOLD in the soap holder, in the cracks on the walls between the tile, all under the tile overhang above the tub and completely around the toilet bowl. Needless to say I drained the tub and took a shower...I really don't care for showers. Oh yes...the toilet leaked as well...The staff were very helpful but I was disappointed. I travel extensively and don't think I will return. we needed color copies for a business meeting and their printer was broken, so the man in the business center took the jump drive to another part of the hotel, printed the presentation and delivered it to our room. They try! We booked online for a weekend package and got a room on the 10th floor with a view of the windows of another building...but we weren't there too much.
6qRnAH7 True Neg I found this hotel in the "Small Luxury Hotels of the World" booklet having stayed in many of these in recent years, and they were indeed above and beyond average hotels. I therefore chose it for a 4 night stay while visiting from England. The Talbott was excellently located, although i had a view of a building site, and did have an ambience and some charm, however it was a little dirty and faded around the edges and the service was appalling. I had to wait in the foyer well after check in time, having previously attempted to check in earlier, tired and in need of a rest, while a "final check" was done to my room. The valet parking was not outside when requested, breakfast was not included in the price, all the things requested of reception did not occur, and there were very few touches which make a hotel stay special. I have stayed in hotels which are so much more elegant, where the staff and service are first rate for half the price of this hotel. I was severely disappointed and cannot recommend it at all.
6uSwTYx True Pos Great place, great room, great location. Even though there was a big meeting going on (Rainbow Girls in all their enormous gowns) the only consequence for us was slow elevators. Ballroom is amazing, shops on ground floor a nice throwback. Lake views from upper floors -- we were on 17 I think -- are worth it. Concierge advice about restaurants etc was excellent. Definitly would return. 
6wrDf1I True Pos Stayed at the Chicago Hilton for three nights and from the minute we walked through the door I was very impressed. Check-in was quick, easy and I was very glad that we were able to check in despite being earlier than the advertised check-in time. We were given a twin room with two bathrooms which was brilliant. It made getting ready to go out much quicker! The hotel location is great opposite the park, which is a must see. Although located on South Michigan Ave it is easily within walking distance of all the shops and sights of the whole of Michigan Ave. Would also recommend the street one block back from Michigan Ave for good shopping. For breakfast I would recommend grabbing a muffin, croissant or bagel from the bar just past reception rather than going for the more expensive breakfast in the restaurant. For evening entertainment Kitty O'Sheas is a must. Typical Irish bar with good drinks and live music. Finally the bed at Hilton Chicago is the most comfortable bed ever. I would have taken it home if I could! Definately made for a good nights sleep. 
72Erb0G Fake Pos When I planned my summer vacation, I was wanting to travel somewhere new. Chicago was on my mind because of the fast city life. I got in a flight to Chicago and arrived at the Hard Rock Hotel. It was grand and I spent a total of 4 days and nights there. The luxury was exotic and the location was right around the corner from most shopping and dining venues. The room service had me drooling because the food was so delicious, I could hardly picture not feeling satisfied. I met up with a few of my friends and they offered me a tour around town. I enjoyed the stay there and will come back sooner than later. 
7CLKVG9 Fake Pos We stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel recently and had a great experience! My husband and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting downtown Chicago. We are frequent travelers who are used to staying in well-maintained, luxury properties with many amenities and the Omni Chicago definitely fit the bill. First of all, the hotel is all suites. We stayed in one of the "Premium Suites". The accommodations were definitely luxurious, with premium bedding, very nice robes for our use, and a choice of pillows. We used the hypo-allergenic ones, but I believe you could have also chosen foam or feathers. We were pleased to find that the TV was plasma, we have found that not all hotels have upgraded to plasma and we don't wish to use one of the old-fashioned type of TVs anymore now that we are so used to plasma at home. There were actually two TVs in our suite. There were also some additional amenities that we appreciated such as high-speed internet access, a wet bar, an indoor swimming pool and two gorgeous sundecks for relaxing outside. The location was perfect as it was right in the midst of the Miracle Mile, with so much to do practically at the Omni's doorstep. I also treated myself to the Windy City Massage, which was done in the comfort and luxury of our suite. The masseuse was excellent and she used very high-quality products for my sensitive skin. It was extremely relaxing and I was so pleased to find out that I could get this at the Omni. It was easy for us to see why the Omni came so highly recommended. I also wanted to mention that the staff was very helpful and friendly, recommending several excellent area restaurants. However, we think our best meal was at the Omni's 676 Restaurant, where my husband raved about the bone-in ribeye and I had the carrot soup and the Lake Erie Silver Bass. They had an extensive wine list and we were easily able to choose wines we loved with the staff's guidance. Lastly, the hotel staff also highly recommended we visit the nearby Art Institute of Chicago, which was a highlight of our trip. We loved that there were multiple museums so close to the Omni! We will be frequent visitors at the Omni in the future, where I will definitely be getting the in-room massage again. We are going to pass this recommendation on to all of our friends and family - choose the Omni for a great Chicago experience!
7F6Y9Fd True Neg My in-laws booked a one night stay for New Years Eve for the two of us to stay at the James. To be brief there were a few things wrong with our stay which will prevent us from returning and advising our friends not to stay there. 1) Shoddy construction of room fixtures: ceiling light was missing leaving a fist-sized hole with wires exposed, BOTH towel racks fell off the wall without being touched, and bathroom door often came off it's sliding mechanism with gentle use. 2) When we reported these problems, employees simply put the towel racks back on the wall without properly adhering them to the wall. 3) Upon check-out, they did not have record of my in-laws paying for our stay, though it was noted on our reservation that they had made it for us. We had to pay for our ($300) gift and the in-laws were extremely upset. When we wrote a letter to management (as a manager was not available to speak with us when we left) we did not receive an adequate apology.
7KFrJ2n True Pos I stayed at the Fairmont during a professional conference. While I have to say that for a conference, some of the meeting rooms were too small, in terms of traveler's comfort the hotel is exceptional! I can't think of a single thing about my room that wasn't perfect. The accommodations were luxurious and the hotel is conveniently situated within walking distance of many Chicago attractions. 
7KX7CtD True Neg We connected to Affinia Chicago thorugh a city websight. The deal was fair for a downtown hotel on the main drag with an attractiion included. There was information out there that the hotel was being overhauled although we did not pay much attention to that. They are currently under major construction. They will be a little late of their projections in the finish date. I must say that the staff tried very hard to make our stay comfortable under very difficult circumstances. The room was complete and was good. It had a very nice bathroom. The main lobbie and all hotel amenities are totally unfinished drywall with no food, drink, or rest room opportunities. The construction guys did their best to limit activity and noise to after 9:00am. I think this will be a good one once they are done. As of the end of May, they have a way yet to go.
7Lk6Rpo Fake Neg I needed a place to stay for a business conference in Chicago. While higher priced, the reviews online plus four stars convinced me. Granted the hotel itself is beautiful, but looks can be deceiving. The pictures online show beautiful white linens but mine were a bit grey. The restaurant (Cafe Des Architect) had amazing food, so that was a plus, but the service was awful. I had to wait twenty minutes for a glass of water! My remote wouldn't work for the tv and the air conditioner was far too loud. The hotel must've been hosting a convention because I could hear music all through the night. The housekeeping was good but happened too infrequently. I called twice for more fresh towels. If I wanted this type of experience, I'd have stayed at a lower-end hotel. Same experience, less money!
7LtfPvE True Neg My daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool, one white phone and one emergency red phone, to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back. One more thing, in our room the furniture was mostly child friendly except for a large metal and glass outdated coffee table. Within 30 minutes my 5 year old fell and hit her mouth and began bleeding. They need to update this piece of furniture.
7Pe3MC4 True Neg Just returned from the James Hotel after staying at the Park Hyatt. I have stayed at most Chicago Hotels: Pennisula, Four Seasons, The Ritz, Fairmont etc. Had heard a little about the James and the Primehouse at the James. We paid MORE for the room at the James then at any of the above mentioned hotels. What a disappoitment! The room we stayed in had 2 double beds. The toilet broke and overflowed, the tub didnt drain while showering and the HUGE bathroom door that was almost too heavy to close broke several times. The closet had no door but a curtain to close and no drawer space for clothes at all. The room was very small and non descript. Much like staying at an IKEA but without the color. Windows to outside terribly dirty and the elevators dirty and small. The staff however was top notch and exceptionally helpful and friendly. The room had a huge 52" plasma TV that was nice. There is NO way this hotel is 4 star yet. The room rate close to $500.00 a night was WAY of of line. We paid more here than any of the above mentioned hotels. The rate should have been about half of that.
7VaF9Lp Fake Pos The Hyatt Regency Chicago Hotel offered PDA or kiosk check-in which was great. They also offer hypo-allergenic rooms with air purification systems which gave us a much more delightful stay. We enjoyed the 24/7 stay fit gym, iHome stereo with iPod docking station, flat screen tv with video on demand and Wi-Fi. Concierge staff was very helpful with assisting us with finding excellent award winning dining and popular attractions in the area. We enjoyed our stay and will definetly return to this hotel in the future for family and business trips.
7bo6fxl Fake Pos If you're looking for luxuary, look no more. The Conrad is the best. I was in Chicago on business, and had to stay much longer than anticipated. A coworker suggested this hotel and boy am I glad he did. The location is perfect, you're close to everything. The best part is the Conrad is a smoke free hotel. I'll be back soon. Very Satisfied
7iZfhn2 Fake Neg We stayed at the Schicago Hilton for 4 days and 3 nights for a conference. I have to say, normally I am very easy going about amenities, cleanliness, and the like...however our experience at the Hilton was so awful I am taking the time to actually write this review. Truly, DO NOT stay at this hotel. When we arrived in our room, it was clear that the carpet hadn't been vacuumed. I figuered, "okay, it's just the carpet." Until I saw the bathroom! Although the bathroom had all the superficial indicators of housekeeping having recently cleaned (i.e., a paper band across the toilet, paper caps on the drinking glasses, etc., it was clear that no ACTUAL cleaning took place. There was a spot (probably urine!) on the toilet seat and, I kid you not, the remnants of a lip-smudge on the glass. I know people who have worked many years in the hotel industry and they always warned that lazy housekeeping will make things "appear" clean but in fact they make no effort to keep things sanitary. Well, the Hilton was proof. I called downstairs and complained, and they sent up a chambermaid hours later. Frankly, I found the room disgusting. The hotel itself, outside the rooms, was cavernous and unwelcoming, with an awful echo in the lobby area that created a migraine-inducing din. Rarely have I been so eager to leave a place as this. When I got home, I washed all my clothes whether I had worn them or not, such was the skeeviness of our accomodations. Please, do yourself a favor and stay at a CLEAN hotel.
7kcSrAn Fake Neg I stayed here last August and I'm truly glad that I will never have to stay here again. The website does a great job of creating an illusion. The rooms are so much smaller than it seems on the website. I thought the Monaco was walking distance to a few nightclubs but it isnt. The wireless internet is free but it is extremely slow. For such a "classy" hotel, there isnt a pool. At $46 per night, the on-site parking is way too expensive for guests. All and all, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
7lpd1yN Fake Neg I just returned from a long weekend in Chicago with my wife. We stayed at the Affinia hotel and I can't even begin to describe what an awful experience it was. When we arrived at 4pm on Thursday (check-in is 3pm), our room was not ready. We had to wait til almost 5pm before we could even get into the room. Once inside the room smelled like an ash tray. Obviously someone had deactivated the smoke detectors somehow and had been smoking in the room. We decided to just go out for an early dinner. After arriving back to our room around 9pm, our key didn't work. We had to go all the way back down to the lobby to get a new one. The next morning the maids started knocking on our door at 7:30 in the morning! Why would you try to clean the room that early??!! The 'do not disturb' sign was on our door for the rest of the stay. After that early wakeup, we went downstairs to request a different room due to the terrible smell in the one we were assigned. The front desk employee gave me a very condescending look and sighed when I asked. Eventually we did get a new room but I didn't enjoy the demeanor I encountered to do so. Our new room was fairly nice, and the rest of the stay was relatively uneventful, but I have a bad taste in my mouth and likely won't stay there again.
7oHaX7x Fake Neg I stayed at the Hilton Chicago during a recent business trip. I elected to go with their Executive Suite upgrade. All I can say is, "What upgrade?" It's barely anything above what you get normally. And for the price I paid, I was expecting much better acommodations. Because I arrived around 10:30 the night I checked in (delayed flight) I did not get the concierge service as it stops at 10. I find that an odd hour to stop a service like that especially when you're expecting a guest who has not checked in yet. Beyond that, it took them 20 minutes to get me into my room. First it was a room mix-up, then it was a missing key card. That was extremely frustrating as I was tired and I had a presentation to give the next morning. Speaking of the next morning, the complimentary breakfast was a joke. When I just want a stale muffin and a bad cup of coffee for breakfast, I'll stay at the next Super 8 I find. And the wireless internet in the room that you actually have to pay for on top of everything else was a horrible connection with angonizingly slow speed. I will not be staying at the Hilton Chicago every again even though I frequent Chicago. This tops out my list of horrible hotel experiences by a long shot.
7tlvDiC Fake Neg The Sofitel Chicago Water Tower was horrible. The first tip off that this would be a bad experience is when we had called ahead to make sure it was OK to check in after hours and that a concierge would be available when we arrived only to find out that they didn't even have a record of our reservation. After much inappropriate arguing, they found our reservation and we were assured all would be fine. When we checked in we got a dirty room without any working wifi or TV. It took a few calls to get fresh towels and for them to turn the heat on so we could sleep comfortably. The next day we called to get our complimentary room service that most decent hotels provide free and they had no records of us even checking in. A quick check with the credit card company had they charge already pending in the wrong amount. We finally left in disgust and got a much better hotel, the FancyPants Hotel and Suits with complementary airport shuttle and award winning preferred member rewards club. Overall, the service at the Sofitel was rude, rooms were unsatisfactory, restaurant sub-par, not well kept up or clean. In the future I would never stay there again and wold definitely pick a more reputable hotel with a proven track record, like the FancyPants Hotel and suits, my personal favorite.
833PX2x Fake Neg James Chicago; the luxurious nice hotel as it was advertised. I didn't want stay in this hotel, but my wife insisted. Ok, so when I booked the ticket, it cost me $299 for one room. $299! I could get a new honeycomb android tablet with dual core processor at that price point! The room was stylish though, it looked nice. There was a TV, and the beds were fine. Although I couldn't quite understand why they had Wifi and no computer. Why would I even need wifi if there is no computer? What were they thinking!? The experience I had with James Chicago was a bit below of what I had expected. I mean the food available there wasn't very tasty at all. I had to wait in a long line to get the ticket and I was also hoping to browse the internet, but they had no computer, only wifi. That's like only having bread, without any fillings to make it into a sandwich!
8B1IA1A True Pos I stayed at the Fairmont for a few nights and found the whole experience excellent. I was given a very large room with great views of the city; the breakfast was extremely good; and the location was as central as I could have wished for. The pool was not large but felt luxurious and was great for early morning swims. In the evening I spent some time in the hotel bar with friends and that was excellent too. Highly recommended as a base for exploring Chicago. 
8EU7QpE True Neg Went there for business and the Hard Rock Hotel on Wacker Drive was recommended. I was to meet my girlfriend there who had arrived 1 hour before me. When she go there at 6PM, the room wasn't ready, the phone didn't work, the shower didn't work. When I got there she was already very upset. I called the manager to complain, but was put on hold for 30 min. I could hear everything in the room next to me as if there wasn't any wall separating us. I asked for a wake up call, but nobody called me the next morning. When I called to complain the next day, the told me the phone system was down. Ordered room service and got the wrong order... The building is very old and the elevator sounds like it is on its last breath... I would not recommend it to anyone Patrick
8Kq3OSe Fake Pos My family and I vacation in Chicago and stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel. Upon our arrival we were greeted happily and the kids received FREE bagpacks for their stay which they loved. The staff was great and always greeted us as we walked in and out of the hotel. They even remembered our names! The location of the hotel was amazing, right on the Magnificent Mile. We really enjoyed our stay and the kids loved the indoor pool. I would definitely stay there again if I have the chance and would recommend it to anyone I know going to the Chicago area. 
8LlCiTY Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago, IL, and boy was I surprised. The hotel looks nice from the outside but the smell from the river is noxious. In fact, the smell was so bad one night that it almost made it difficult to sleep or even think of eating. As if this were not enough, the bathroom of my room looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a month and their were stains on the "fresh" towels. Towards the end of my stay I saw a mouse on the ground floor and could only imagine what other critters may be lurking in the walls.
8VegGCL True Neg My son & I joined my husband on a work trip. We planned to swim while he was working. We overheard a lady asking when the pool would open as as we were checking in. Though my son was eager to swim as soon as we checked in the pool was still closed at 630 pm. We gave up & went out for the evening. We had a very noisy sleepless night. We weren't facing MI ave, but still heard sirens and I'm not sure what the other noise was, but it sounded like a malfunctioning hand dryer in our ceiling that would sound off about 20x an hour throughout the entire night. I called the front desk the next morning and was told the pool was open, so my (very excited) son got his bathing suit on and we got to the fitness center only to be told by housekeeping that the pool was closed for construction. Upon calling the front desk again the lady claimed she was unaware of the maintenance crew's actions & on my insistence she said she'd look into it. A gentleman called back an hour later & said the pool should open at 5pm...it was 9am. It is now 6pm & we still haven't even seen the pool. We check out tomorrow. We passed up time with grandparents who are in for the holiday to "swim in Chicago." Needless to say we are VERY disappointed.
8a2zDet Fake Neg The Hyatt Regency Hotel in Chicago was the worst hotel I ever went to! I booked a non-smoking room online, and they went ahead and gave me a room that smoking was allowed. After going in my room, I smelled heavy smoke smell. It was really bad. I called the front desk about the issue, and they said they had nothing like that on record and refused to exchange rooms for me! There was also blood stains on my bed sheets. The carpet was also dirty. I would never book at that Hyatt again!
8f70Yv4 True Neg I selected the Talbott after 3 hrs comparing hotels online. We have had wonderful experiences with boutiques (Monaco, Allegro) and assumed this would be comparable. Good points: the lobby is beautiful, and one staff member took roses I bought for my wife and arranged them nicely. The many problems: When my wife called with a question on our arrival day, the agent could find no reservation -- 15 mins later she was transferred to another person who found the record instantly. When we arrived, the lobby was stuffed with students; nobody tried to manage the group, several of whom pushed ahead to the check-in desk. We left our bags and went out for 2 hrs so we could check in with less hassle. We finally were checked in, after waiting 15 mins while the confused desk clerk searched for rooms. When we got there, our room had not been made up from the last guest. When we complained, we were given an "upgrade" to a room that was old and uninspired. Chairs are scuffed, closet shelves are bowed, the air conditioner is noisy, and a wall lamp is loose. The view is of a construction site. Movies-on-demand are dated. We expect this from a budget hotel, not one positioning itself as elegant and upscale. When we returned after an evening out, the card reader to open the main doors did not work. One staff member admonished us (really) for not using the reader, when in fact we had tried. This was embarrassing, as others were standing in the lobby. I tried to access the hotel's wifi network, but was only given a $9.95 upgrade option. I called the desk, and was told to "click past it", which of course did nothing. It wasn't until 2 hrs later the complimentary access worked. We are pretty easygoing; we love good treatment and tip handsomely. If we had only 1or 2 problems, we wouldn't write. In fact, we would not have written except the hotel did not make things right. The president wrote a letter, and suggested others at the hotel would be in touch...nobody ever was.
8khi6st Fake Pos amazing and beautiful! i stayed two nights here and the room was immaculate. All of the staff were extremely nice and welcoming. The food was delicious and fixed to perfection. The entire hotel was clean, warm and inviting. Will definitely stay here again and recommend to any of my friends traveling to the area.
8pxPBKx Fake Neg I had reservations to check into the Chicago Conrad. When we arrived my wife and I were told the hotel was oversold and that I would have to take a double room rather than a king. This was a special weekend for my wife and I so this was a big disappointment. We were offered a free dinner which we accepted. The restaurant was dark and the food was fairly good. The tub in the bathroom was clogged with hair and we had to call maintenance to repair. This took about an hour to resolve. Overall we would not pick this hotel again. They should make sure all commitments are met and rooms are in excellent condition. We feel it was not a good value.
8qqIu32 True Neg I stayed in this hotel for a week and I was looking forward to a stay at a top class hotel. I was shocked and disapointed with my stay, Here are some of my gripes - Room had a broken phone and broken lightbulb - Breakfast service was slow and impolite - Hotel rationed shampoo (one bottle for two people sharing and did not refill a bottle that was less than half full). - We also shared a bar of soap. I was so disappointed with this hotel, I paid for a premium hotel and got a very disappointing stay.
8tcdaGx Fake Neg Hyatt Regency Hotel: Good ole Downtown, Chicago. Hypo-allergenic rooms are usually intended for the well-being of even the worst cases of allergen sufferers. Well, when we got to our room, one of the first things my wife did was sneeze four times. Upon setting up the channel scanning which, the reception came in fuzzy all around, there was an interattive ethernet feature that after, lost in confusion of how to work it, provided us with our first fee! The pool was in bad shape. The maids seemed to come and go with no intercommunicative qualities.. just knock knock knock. We let em' right in as they started vacuuming. One of the fluorescent bulbs on the ceiling was dimmer than the others and the Gideon's Bible had crib notes. What a room! Not to mention what the hotel was like! Oh geez.
8ttj4dg True Pos We got this hotel by chance since we decided the spur of the moment to spend a nite in Chicago on 7/24/09. We went thru Priceline and was lucky to get a room at this hotel for only $69 (normal rate was around $200). The room was superb on the 29th floor with a nice king bed. Hotel is only about 1.5 blocks to Michigan Ave so the location is very convenient. Parking is very expensive at $50 a nite but we parked right next door at a selfpark for just $30. We decided to have breakfast at the hotel restaurant to save us from walking elsewhere. We ordered the buckwheat pan cakes and egg benedict. They were absolutely delicious which stunned us since we didn't expect this type of experience from a hotel restaurant especially for breakfast. Glad we didn't pick their breakfast buffet since the special menu is much better. I highly recommend this beautiful and cozy hotel for your Chicago visit. 
98V2guX Fake Pos My family chose to stay at the Chicago Hilton during our last trip to the city. We wanted something luxurious and centrally-located without having to pay exorbitant prices. I can honestly say we made an excellent decision in picking the Hilton. The staff treated us well, the rooms were clean and roomy (we loved the Serenity beds), and the hotel itself is stunning. It was like stepping back in time. We loved that the Chicago Hilton was close to numerous attractions. The weather was lovely, so it was great to walk to Navy Pier, Sears Tower, and the Adler Planetarium. We will definitely stay at the Hilton the next time we are in Chicago.
99f6wVT Fake Pos The Hilton Hotel helped us make the most of our trip to Chicago. Not only are they centrally located near most of Chi towns hot spots, but they also helped coordinate discounted admissions to various other attractions. The Hilton is very classy with their accommodations. I will be returning at my earliest convenience, be it for business or pleasure.
9CGo7lk Fake Pos The Conrad Chicago was by far the best experience I have ever had in travel leisure. Not only was the room beautifully decorated and very comfortable, but the food in the restaurant was exquisite. Not to mention the perfect service from the resort's employees! I was very impressed by how quick and caring the staff was of my own personal needs. I'm naturally a fitness freak, so I was pleased to learn of their massive fitness area on the 11th floor. Best of all, it was available to guests at any time, day or night. The resort was conveniently located by a large shopping area, so it wasn't a far walk to scope out the shops. The most memorable part of my stay was looking out at the city after dark and seeing how gorgeous Chicago looks all lit up. It was so relaxing just watching the city come to life. I was very disappointed when I had to pack and leave. Any time that I make my way back to Chicago, you better believe I will be staying at the Conrad Chicago. I recommend this resort to everyone I know who does a lot of traveling.
9GKYNWX Fake Neg I expected a bit more from the Hyatt Regency Chicago I stayed at recently. I was appalled of the conditions of the room we stayed in. The linens were not clean, the toilet paper roll was nearly empty with no spare left, and there was a lock on the door that didn't function. The turndown service left me no chocolate on my pillow and I think they took a few more pieces of the already nearly empty toilet paper, again with out leaving a spare. I would not stay there again. Traveler beware!!
9HRijYu True Pos Room: I stayed in the 16thz floor. 2 double bed room. The room has a decent size. Equipment is state of the art. The Furniture are stylish. Room Size was very nice. I could have left my big suitcase opened throughout the stay (which rarely happens in most hotels ;)) 42" LCD Screen Complimentary WiFi in the room The bed and pillows are of extrodinary quality which provided an excellent deep sleep to me. Location Located quite central. Shopping streets are in reach of 5 minutes by feet. Midway Airport is in reach by cab within 30 minutes (~30 USD). Service - Spa and Fitness exists - though I did not use. - Restuarant (not used) - Business Center - Very friendly and helpful staff. (even printed our boarding passes at the reception) I do travel frquently, and do recommend this hotel for a business stay, as also for an overnight with friends going shopping, partying whatever in the city center of Chicago. Pricing was very moderate for teh standard being provided at a downtown hotel. 
9HYZoTW Fake Neg The name "Hard Rock" might trigger images of hip rockers but you will be sorely disappointed by staying here. The website alludes to musicians and parties but if you're looking to hob nob with the rich and famous the Hard Rock falls short. The hotel puts on a kitchy show by the decorations in the lobby and around the property but there is nothing exciting about this. The service is mediocre and the rooms aren't clean. I stayed at this hotel last year for a long weekend in Chicago and was very much looking forward to some fun, exciting romance. I should have picked somewhere else. Save your money.
9aXVJU1 Fake Pos The Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago is a fantastic up-scale hotel to stay in while visiting the Windy City. My fiancee and I enjoyed one of the king rooms on our recent stay. The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful - some of the best I've ever dealt with when traveling, and valet parking is always a perk! The rooms were very nice and had all the amenities you would want when at a high-end hotel. The bed was extremely comfortable! There was cable TV, of course, and HBO was included, so there was always something to watch. Wireless internet signal was excellent and I had no trouble getting online. We had dinner in the hotel restaurant twice during our stay, and the food was fantastic! Great atmosphere as well - we usually only do the hotel restaurant one night on a stay, but this one was worth going back to! Overall, it was an incredible stay, and we hope to stay at the Ambassador East again next time we're in Chicago! 
9ae28W0 Fake Pos Recently my husband and I stayed at The James in Chicago for our "night on the town". After taking in a musical, we checked in at The James and were happily surprised with the customer appreciation and delicious room service. The rooms were spotless and we were supplied with fresh towels for everything from showers to the spa to visiting the gym. If I had known that they accepted pets beforehand, it would've been a great environment for our family lapdog. Staying at The James in Chicago made our night a luxurious outing and will be a definite stop next time we are in Chicago.
9guvuUg Fake Pos My wife and I recently stayed at this hotel for a fun anniversary weekend away from the kids. Upon check in we were pleasantly surprised by the decor, the location to so many downtown attractions and the attentiveness of the staff. As a seasoned traveler for business I consider myself somewhat savvy when it comes to service and accommodations. This hotel certainly delivers on both accounts. My wife and I had not intended on eating in the hotel restaurant, but after reviewing the menu we thought we would give it a try. WOW! Service was outstanding and the food was amazing. We truly enjoyed our dining experience. All in all I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone I meet. 
9iGzDF3 Fake Neg The Hotel Sofitel Chicago Water Tower bills itself as a 4-star luxury hotel, but the luxury is evidently in the eye of the beholder. Filled with trite modern art and modular, cheap-looking furniture that looks straight out of the latest Ikea catalogue, this 32-floor hunk of glass has to be one of the ugliest hotels I have ever seen. "Urban chic" design does not equal comfort; the seating and bed furniture are made more for the design floor than for actual use. Room service is expensive, slow, and the food you eventually do get is mediocre in quality and flavor. The hotel features two bars: the Cafe des Architectes Bar, and the simply named Le Bar. Cutesy French names and trendy modern outfittings do not a good hotel bar make! Excellent service, fair prices, friendly and competent staff are what make a bar great, none of which you will find at either of these bars. Cafe des Architectes is also a restaurant, offering "seasonal menus featuring contemporary cuisine with French roots," which means small portions and large prices at questionable quality. Even the old standby filet mignon did not stand up to its reputation, coming out a little dry hunk of meat rather than a succulent steak. Pass this one by, if you're looking for a comfortable, enjoyable stay in downtown Chicago. The Water Tower is dry.
9qhqDSY True Pos We just returned from 4 nights at the Ambassador East. What a gem! The location in the Gold Coast neighborhood is perfect for finding restaurants and walking the Magnificent Mile. There is a train station about 2 blocks away. The room was very comfortable, with nice amenities, and there is free Internet service on the 2nd floor. Best of all was the bell and lobby staff! They really went out of their way to be helpful and greeted us warmly each time we left and arrived. I would say that this was the nicest hotel staff I've encountered in all my travels. 
9sOzMKo Fake Pos We had the pleasure of enjoying a stay at the Affinia Chicago Hotel. We found it conveniently located on E. Superior Street, near many local attractions. The rooms were modern chic with a very urban feel. The pillow menu was awesome, my partner and I have such different preferences, the choices made it easier to sleep like we were at home. The hotel room layout was comfortable and spacious with all the right touches to make our stay perfect! I couldn't believe the amenities available to guests. My Beagle, Betsy enjoyed her stay at the "Jet Set Pet" care center. She was pampered as much as I was. It was such a comfort knowing we could bring her along and that we could enjoy our stay without the stress and concern that comes along with traveling and pet ownership! Another feature I personally enjoyed was the Walking Tour Kit. It included an iPod Shuffle pre-loaded with a workout playlist, a deck of cards; guidebook that included walking tours, and comfort items like a towel and map! I felt like I was the most important guest (surely, everyone felt that way as they checked in to their rooms). Highly recommend to anyone who has the opportunity to travel in the area of an Affinia Hotel!!
9y9HVh8 True Neg A lovely hotel in a trendy part of Chicago which gives it a much more comfortable feel than the downtown hotels. The rooms are very, very well appointed, but not large, and the quality of the materials is wonderful without exception. Unfortunately, the service was below average in every way: they failed to deliver laundry by an important and assured deadline; valets didn't deliver the car and had to be asked twice; the concierge gave us miserable directions that got us lost, and the front desk was unable to rectify any issue. It amazed me that so much incompetence could happen in 6 hours! And even after recognizing their shortcomings, not one sincere or significant apology. A poster child of how bad service cannot overcome a well-built, well-furnished hotel.
9ylIQFv Fake Neg On my recent weekend stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel, i was very disappointed. I chose this hotel after scouring various hotel websites in the area. From the look of the website, my expectations were above average. I felt the website led one to believe it was upscale. Upon my arrival, i checked in. I was shown my room and at first glance everything seemed fine with the room. As i was settling into the room, I began to notice a general lack of cleanliness. I noticed spiderwebs in corners, and a lack of cleanliness in the bathroom. Also, it was advertised that there was an i pod docking station in the room, however, it did not work and I had to call down for them to bring a replacement. I, as a guest should not have had to call down, these items should be checked to ensure they work properly before a guest checks in. I found the restaurants on site to be crowded, loud and not to mention an unusally long wait to be served my meal. I did inquire about a few of the menu items and my waiter seemed to have a lack of knowledge about the menu items. Overall, my experience was not good and the next time I am in the area, I will chose another hotel for my stay.
A8z87sQ Fake Neg The Ambassador East Hotel is a terrible place to stay. All of the rooms are old and dirty as though they haven't been cleaned or remodeled for years. The hotel staff is not friendly or accomodating. Do not waste your money in this crappy old hotel full of rude employees.
AERjPaZ True Pos My husband and I stayed here for three nights while visiting Chicago as tourists. What a beautiful hotel! Our room was lovely, the staff was super helpful and the location was convenient. They don't have an in house gym, but each day you can get a day pass to a cushy gym down the street. The restaurant in the hotel has a very yummy breakfast. The concierge helped us to make dinner reservations at the last minute our first night there. We were able to walk down the Magnificent Mile from our hotel, as well as through the Gold Coast and Old Towne neighborhoods. There are tons of great restaurants in the area (including the famous Gibsons and the Signature Room in the Hancock tower) as well as lots of shopping. There is currently a lot of construction going on near the Talbott (they are building condos right behind it), but regardless we had a wonderful stay and would definitely stay there again when visiting Chicago. 
AGwV8Tb Fake Pos This hotel is great! I love its interior design of the room. Customer service is excellent! And its gym and spa are gorgeous. If you need to go to Chicago, this hotel would be your best choice! You can also check its website for the special offer, I found a great deal on it! 
AIimwLk Fake Neg The Hard Rock should stick to restaurants. After a recent stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago I think they should go back to what there good at. Besides having to wait an hour for my room to be ready (this is after my check in time), the receptionist was very rude and seemed to not care that I was being delayed. After seeing the state the room was in I still do not understand what took so long. The sheets look to have been picked up off the floor and returned to the bed. The bathroom looked as if somebody had just used it (I will leave out the details). Complaining didn't seem to get me anywhere, they offered me a small discount at the hotel's bar. After this experience I will be more likely to book at a Motel 6 then return to the Hard Rock.
ALQZeXu True Pos I actually booked this reservation with the hotel over the phone and got a great rate -- much lower than the usual price! It was a lovely hotel, beautifully appointed, walking distance from the places we wanted to go. We would highly recommend the Fairmont. 
ALoFeCn True Pos Our stay at the Ambassador East Hotel was extremely relaxing and pleasant. We enjoyed the location. We could easily walk to the Red line or access the bus lines along Michigan Avenue. We felt safe walking along the neighborhood streets and viewing the fabulous architecture that is on N. State Street and Dearborn. We walked to 3rd Coast Cafe, the Chicago History Museum, and Second City from our hotel. Our room was spacious and well-kept, and it was quiet enough for us to take a nap during the afternoon before heading out again in the evening. We would choose to stay there again even if we could afford more expensive locations downtown. We definitely enjoyed the neighborhood feel of the place. 
AMNU3Xv Fake Neg I was here on business so I needed to get some rest the next day but the walls were so thin that I could here all the carrying on in the neighbors room till 3 am. This was very beautiful building the room was a lot smaller than I expected and the staff were not very friendly. The person at the front desk had no personality, did not even welcome me to the hotel. All in all I don't think I will be back.
AVDey2a Fake Pos Having recently been in Chicago for business and based on proximity and aesthetics, I decided to reserve a room at the Conrad Hotel in Chicago and I couldn't have been more delighted with every aspect of my two-night stay. Every conceivable amenity is available from the 42" plasma flat-screen to both wired and wireless internet connections available I was able to stay in constant contact with the office all while in the enviable lap of luxury. My room was not only comfortable and clean, but warm and inviting just as if it were home away from home. If you're in the Chicago area, reserve a room at the Conrad Hotels and Resorts and you will not be disappointed. 
AXO9HJu Fake Pos  While travelling for business I had my family join me and we stayed at the Fairmont Chicago, Millennium Park. It is breathtakingly beautiful and plush. The rates for rooms, though not the cheapest choice are quite reasonable for such fabulous amenities. The room decor is elegant modern and my wife says the spa is divine! Guests of this hotel are able to live in luxury - every room is equipped with complementary coffee, access to high speed internet, bathrobes, and 42 inch flat screen televisions. Enjoy the gorgeous city views and live the good life at the Fairmont Chicago, Millennium Park. 
AXy4JCc True Pos We got an outstanding rate by signing up for the hotels' website newsletter. Affinia has a great location just off Michigan Avenue near the Water Tower. Beware however: parking is expensive in the Gold Coast....$48/night. Right from the start, Victor greeted us and made us feel welcome. Check-in was easy and our room was gorgeous. However, it was a handicapped acessible room and I wanted a tub, so one call to the front desk and we had another room. All rooms have been renovated and they are beautiful, comfortable and well appointed. The rooftop bar is a must-do. The outside patio has heaters and candles, a high table for big groups and little groupings of chairs and sofas to get comfy on and enjoy the views. We didn't sit inside the bar area. Pedro and Quentin were excellent bellmen, and Christopher (concierge) was very helpful. As we left, we shook Victor's hand (he's always there!) and told him we've found our new Chicago hotel! 
AZb32SB True Neg Any traveler who is loyal to a favorite hotel has experienced this sad truth: eventually the lodging deteriorates. But you do not expect the price to double and triple at the same time! I have been staying at the Talbott for several decades. Yes, changes have been made, like the updated heating and cooling systems and the front entrance, most recently. But other things have gone downhill. For the last several stays I have experienced very dirty carpets and slow service. Rates have skyrocketed and now they are asking for 3 night minimum stays on many occasions. This is the kind of rate structure one might expect from the 5 star hotels within spitting distance of The Talbott, but not this less-than-maintained lodging. I, personally, am shopping for a new home away from home.
AdA3hVh Fake Neg We originally made reservations for a weekend getaway but after looking at their website, read about their "romantic weekend getaway." Having never been in the area before or stayed at an Ambassador Hotel we really didn't know what to expect, but the pictures online made it look more inviting than it turned out to be. Upon arriving, the parking valet was on break and we ended up having to park our own car, unless we felt like leaving it in the line of traffic. It only went downhill from there. The bed sheets had footprints on them and the bathroom had an odor that we couldn't figure out what it was. We ended up getting a different room, which was very mediocre. Needless to say, we won't be staying here again.
AhSt5xI True Neg no bell boys there when you need them, sully staff, no smiles at all in this place. had to wait 30 min for my luggage and was never greeted by any of the staff. boy, sure is a lousy fairmont compared to the one in SF. never here again!
AlFCMdU Fake Pos Pleasant staff and housekeeping. Above average breakfast. The rooms were clean and the staff made sure we had fresh linnens. It was bedbug free!! I would definitely stay there again.
AmfTZWP True Neg Our check-in was great, but then we got into our room. The carpet was drenched and stained near the bathroom because the shower (open concept) leaks water onto the floor since there are no doors on it. The mini bar was broken and put an extremely foul scent into the room. Our final hotel bill reflected 2 charges that were incorrect....1 for the mini bar which we did not utilize, and the second was an up charge for a bottle of wine ($69 instead of $50). When my husband went to the front desk to have it corrected, he was met with a very unfriendly and unapologetic employee. It was adjusted, but not without confrontation. There was another guest checking out when my husband was at the front desk who had the same "mysterious" mini bar charge on her bill as well, and was trying to have it corrected. Overall, the location of the Hard Rock was nice but it will be the last time that we stay in one,
AnfmTzH Fake Neg I recently had the opportunity to stay at the Conrad Chicago Hotel, located on North Rush Street. As part of the Hilton hotel chain, I was confident that I would have a positive experience. Unfortunately, from the time I walked in the door until the time I checked out, I was plagued with nothing but problems. When I walked into the hotel, I was not greeted by the concierge, which is usually a bad sign. (He was reading a newspaper.) Then, when I announced that I was holding a reservation, they desk clerk was unable to find it. I had a confirmation number which they agreed matched a number in their system, but they could not find the room I had reserved. Finally, they assigned me a room, but it was smaller than I had originally requested and it had a bad odor. I was very disappointed with the room and its decor. The room smelled of stale smoke, even though it was on a non-smoking floor. The bedspread was threadbare and there was no soap in the bathroom. I had to keep checking to make sure I was really at the Conrad Chicago. Surely, this was not the way the Hilton chain operates! There continued to be problem throughout my stay. I asked for a wake-up call and it was 15 minutes late, which had me scurrying around so I could make my business meeting. I ordered breakfast to be brought to my room, and it never showed up -- at all! And the water for my shower never reached anything by lukewarm, so my shower was short and unsatisfying. I decided to check out of the Conrad Chicago a day earlier than originally planned because I was so dissatisfied with the hotel and the way it attempted to resolve the problems and issues. Upon my return home, I wrote a letter to the hotel manager, but never received a reply. Because they refused to acknowledge that I had problems, I will not be staying at the Conrad Chicago again, and will avoid all Hilton Hotels in the future.
AsBkSsy True Pos Our room was on the third floor so there was some street noise - but it certainly didn't spoil our 4 nights in this lovely hotel. Wine tasting evening went down extremely well after a day seeing the sights of the city!! Our goldish was called Oliver - nobody could believe we had our very own goldfish in our room!! All the staff were really helpful and welcoming, making our stay here very relaxing and comfortable. Would certainly recommend this hotel. 
AuV7AKV Fake Neg I was really excited when we booked a night at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. It was actually beyond our budget, but my husband and I needed a weekend away, so I decided to splurge for the occasion. WORST WASTE OF MY MONEY EVER!!! Our room was smaller than pictured online, and it looked like the maid didn't vacuum the carpet! We visited the hotel restaurant, Angels and Kings, one night for dinner and the drinks were overpriced and my husband's steak was cooked wrong (he ordered medium, but received a well-done steak). By the end of our trip we were so glad to leave, but they were under-staffed and the Sunday morning checkout line was so long that we waited in line for 30 minutes until we could check out. Chicago was a fun city, but next time we return I'll be choosing a different hotel - and I suggest you do too!!
B4bpUoE True Neg " Barely Average Hotel at Premium Price" This hotel has a beautiful lobby but fails to fails to maintain its standards beyond the lobby. I have stayed in the Conrad in Dublin, Ireland and in HongKong both of which I loved. I was looking forward to staying at this hotel. I was extremely disappointed. I am very surprised that this hotel is allowed to carry the Conrad name. Pros: Elegant lobby nicely decorated with fresh flowers Location: Located in the Heart of Chicago Disappointments - Stained and worn out carpet in hallway - Room was small - Phone and lightbulb in room were broken - Breakfast was $60 for two people, service was slow and impolite - Hotel rationed soaps and shampoo, one bar of soap to share and one bottle of shampoo which was not replaced for two days, I felt like I was staying at a budget hotel. and to cap off my stay the hotel made a billing error which took three months and more effort than it was worth to correct. I would not stay at this hotel again, It just is not worth the premium price they charge.
BE523BJ Fake Neg I'd expect a "luxury" hotel to pay more attention to details. The room really hadn't been thoroughly cleaned-- I found hairballs under the bed, the mirrors were streaked, etc. The desk staff took forever to even acknowledge me when I was checking in; three of them, two on the phone, and nobody even made eye contact for 5 minutes. Then, they gave the vaguest answers to some pretty basic questions about the neighborhood; you'd think they'd know where to find a Starbucks. The internet was ridiculously slow the whole two days I was there.
BKoHtLa Fake Neg My wife and I stayed at the Affinia Chicago last week (in a studio suite, which was NOT worth the extra payment). It was an absolute NIGHTMARE! To begin with, the room is listed as 'oversized', when it's nothing of the sort. We've previously stayed in the hotel and the regular guest room is only about 2 square feet smaller. I believe the only extra space was in the closet, which isn't very useful unless you plan on living there! We had our two sons with us, so we had to make extra sleeping space. Our oldest son slept on the couch and woke up multiple times in the time, complaining of bugs moving around. He must have been umcomfortable also, as I sat on the couch during the day and it was like a rock. The room service is horrible, they took 47 minutes to deliver a pillow for my wife around 10pm, and she had to wait up for that. My family would NEVER go back to this hotel, and I highly recommend you also stay well away.
BMC1FGf True Pos Chicago is one of our favorite cities to visit. Some friends suggested trying The Talbott. I'm delighted we took them up. The Talbott is a great "small" hotel a block and a half off of Michigan Avenue near the Four Seasons, Drake and Westin. The concierge staff was most helpfull. Gene and Stephanie took great care of us. The rooms were spacious and very fresh. The elevators could be a bit slow at times. Aside from the construction next door, our stay was perfect. Bice now runs the hotel restaurant. We enjoyed having breakfast there. We will stay there again. 
BP31Bea True Pos Stayed at the Talbott for over a week and enjoyed our stay. Room was a little noisy as we were next to the lift, but everything else made up for that. Positives: Bed was very comfortable, great to have real shower, free internet, gym usage, staff (all friendly) and location. Negative: Lift noise, lifts slow and restaurant (there are so many great restaurants around - don't bother staying in) Would stay again! 
BSCski1 True Pos Just returned to Seattle after a visit home to Chicago and I loved The James!!! Recently stayed at the Ritz at Water Tower and the Dana around the corner--both of which were great but The James was perfect. Secured the room through a package w/ American Express for a great deal so though the view wasn't great the space, decor and location can't be beat. Staff was friendly, courteous and very helpful, the gym was substantial and though I didn't try the restaurants/room service, the menus looked yummy. I've stayed in Chgo in that area on avg 1-2s/mo over the past three years and the James is at the top my list now. If you can get a good deal, I highly recommend!! 
BTeWeFM Fake Pos My husband and I recently traveled to Chicago on a mini vacation. We stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel in the downtown area. This hotel is simply beautiful. From the time we walked through the front doors until the day we left, we were treated as if we were royalty. I have never been treated so well. We were greeted by staff that sincerely seemed to love their jobs. We stayed in a Superior Corner Suite. The view of the city was the most amazing thing I had ever seen. The rooms were very spacious and clean. The king size bed was extremely comfortable. The room didn't seem like we were in a hotel, it had the feeling of home. There was a separate living room area which was wonderful, my husband and I just sat there one night and stared out the window at the skyline. It was mesmerizing. We ordered room service because we had a long day of shopping, which the hotel is very convenient to a lot of great shopping. Most everything is in walking distance. The food was to die for; it was as if we were eating at a 5 star fine dining restaurant. We did manage to go down and have a few drinks in the lounge. The lounge had a classy feel to it, very relaxing yet sophisticated. We even received a massage, in our room. While we did have all the conveniences of home, such as internet and TV, we did not even think about using them, being that we just wanted to get away from our everyday lives. This was the most romantic vacation my husband and I have ever taken. I cannot express how happy we were to have stayed in this hotel. We had other options but I am so glad we decided to stay here. The rate for the room was so inexpensive for the amount of luxury we were able to experience, which the experience itself is priceless. I will definitely share my experience with anyone and everyone and recommend this hotel. 
BY3aTIM Fake Neg The Hilton Chicago boasts to be one of the greats but falls into a cliche of a hotel. There are many different rooms with a supposed array of choices from King with two bathrooms, Lakeside view or suites. It only looks good on paper that is until you get your bill. You will pay a huge fee for what seems like a nice upgrade but gives you nothing in return! The staff is nice but when I stay at a hotel I do not go out of my way to seek out the staff. The casual dining atmosphere might be nice for a college couple looking for a getaway but it will not be cheap. Next time I stay in Chicago I will be looking elsewhere.
BYuDAzs Fake Pos The Sofitel Water Tower was a wonderful place to stay for my husband and me for our 20th anniversary weekend trip to Chicago. We got married in the city but then moved away, and it was so romantic to return. We loved how near the Sofitel was to everything - the Magnificent Mile was just outside our door, and we could walk to Navy Pier and other attractions as well. Chicago has changed, but the Sofitel made it feel like home again... except a very plush and elegant version of home! We stayed in a Junior Suite, which had great views of the city, and room service was very attentive when we called for champagne after midnight the day we arrived. Both nights before leaving for supper, we had a cocktail in Le Bar and enjoyed talking about what we'd done during the day, and all the great memories this town has for us. But I have to say we have some new great memories now, thanks to the Sofitel Water Tower!
BZbSwqc True Neg Great building and location, but... staff is indifferent, you have to pay for WiFi (after $300 usd/night I would expect at least free WiFi), no pool in the building and something I found really annoying is that, if you move anything from the minibar, they have sensors that automatically charge you. This is ridicoulus.The iPod dock in the room didn't work. Also, we had to move thenightstand between beds and found dirt all over. Definitely is not value for your money. You're just paying for the Hard Rock brand. I will never go back to a Hard Rock Hotel.
Bdnax3O Fake Pos The atmosphere at this hotel is truly remarkable; it has a very modern feel. The rooms were very well designed, and the beds are not your average hotel room beds by any means. The pillow top beds made an already relaxed and comfortable stay that much more enjoyable. 
BgyTHbc True Pos I found this wonderful Hotel ! The location is awesome, just minutes away from all the shopping, Restaurants and Bars you could possibly want . I was in town for an interview, so I was really nervous . I ended up suggesting the Hotel Restaurant for my interview and they took such a good care of us, they made me feel so comfortable that I was hardly nervous at all. And the place was pack! The room was superb! Really cool design . I had a room they call an apartment, and it was fantastic! The natural light you get in this room is awesome, and I am very sensitive to dark places. They have a full bar in the room , which I was able to use to entertain my friends that night. I went to the gym for a little bit of exercise and I have to say I have never seen such a extensive facility in a hotel. All the staff made me feel like I was family. They were available to me at any time, and so friendly ! I will definitely be back for another stay. 
BmR2WAH True Pos This was a weekend trip for my friends and I. We booked a couple of rooms and asked in advanced for the reservations to be connected in some way. Our rooms were right next to one another as requested. As it was almost everyone's first time to Chicago, we had to do a bit of cold-searching for a hotel. And, our choice was next to perfect. I had an amazing time during my first visit to Chicago and it was largely due to this hotel. The customer service was AMAZING. Everyone was extremely nice and helpful. One of our rooms ordered late night room service and raved about how they felt they had ordered a 5 star lunch because it was as fresh as having ordered food at 2 pm, and delicious. My friend suggested they had a full-staff at 3 am because the food came up quickly too. In another of our rooms, housekeeping had accidentally discarded a CD when replacing the CD player with an iPod dock. The concierge had the exact CD purchased and ready at check-out from the neighboring record store. Our rate included complimentary breakfast which was fantastic! Everything was freshly made in their kitchen too. An added bonus was that the hotel is attached to a mall. Therefore, you don't need to leave the building to get a pair of shoes, a coffee, or a some other type of trinket. I was beyond pleased with this hotel and would stay here again without hesitation. 
BoVzzGG True Pos On a recent trip to Chicago to attend a major trade show I had the pleasure of staying with the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. I say stay with as that is how they make you feel, from check in to check out they go above and beyond to ensure your stay is perfect and you want to return. The rooms are clean, chic and roomy, the beds - the best I have slept in, bathrooms large and super clean. What can I say, my new home when in Chicago... 
Br7zIFl True Pos This hotel is the perfect location for downtown Chicago shopping. The only thing is the pool is extremely small - it is indoors, but looks much larger on the website. 
BvIhbHC Fake Neg The Hilton Chicago, located on prime real estate in downtown Chicago, has not aged as gracefully as other hotels around the country opened during the same period of time. The hotel does maintain the appearance of luxury that has made it iconic, but that luxury is not in accord with 21st century standards. Lacking any form of fitness center, the Hilton is almost alone among the major hotels of Chicago in forcing its patrons to go elsewhere for a quick workout. Even nominal fees for wireless internet use in hotel rooms is very rare at this point, and the outrageous parking fee of $43 for guests will discourage out of towners from making the Hilton their destination. Most guest rooms are no different than any other Hilton anywhere, meaning that unless you are staying in the admittedly fantastic Executive suites, you will be paying a premium for a prosaic hotel experience.
Bxuu6Nk Fake Neg My wife and I stayed at the Conrad Chicago Hilton a few weeks back. I had a conference in the Windy City, and my wife decided she'd come along to do some shopping. First off let me say, typically I LOVE staying in hotels - any chance I get, i'll spend it away from home in a comfy hotel bed. That said, this place was terrible. The room had a slight odor to it, kind of a fishy smell. The people at the front desk were rude to us. And I found a soiled pair of women's panties under the bed. Gross! Not to mention that once we got home, we both had bug bites up and down our legs--- now we're worried we brought bedbugs home with us! If I could take this trip back I would. What a terrible place. Shame on you Conrad Hilton, shame on you!
C2lYEf6 True Neg Complete disappointment. Problems: 1. The alarm clock/stereo thing was broken in my room. It was constantly emitting low, changing hissing noises. Sooo annoying. And there was no off switch on the damn thing. I had to move the bed to unplug it (the outlet was wayyy back, buried behind the big bed). I kept hearing it, and didn't realize what it was, until it had kept me awake for a few hours. 2. The shower was ONLY incredibly hot. Turn it all the way cold...very hot. Turn it to hot, and you get boiling hot. Grrrrreat. So how do I get water that won't scald me? This is very inconvenient early in the morning when you need a shower and are in a hurry, and have to dance into and out of painfully hot water. Good job Omni! 3. Hallway carpets are disgusting and old. Walking around, you'd think you're in a motel 6. And my floor had been flooded or something, and they had box fans running in the hallway, 24/7, to try to dry it out. Talk about an overpriced dump.
C4VqCx3 True Neg This was a gorgeous hotel from the outside and in the lobby. However, when we reached the elevator things started to look quite dingy. Our bathrooms in our room had grout that was in need of a deep scrubbing and had an overall appearance of dirty. Wireless internet is available, but that's an additional fee. Are you kidding? Even the roach motel offers wireless for free! Also, the fitness room was available for only $15 per day. Wow, I thought the room rate was enough to cover that. When I used the coffee supplies in the room, they were not replenished. I called the next morning requesting more and was told that wasn't housekeeping's area but they would send some up. No kidding, nearly 90 minutes later I got the cream and sugar! Glad I wasn't in a big hurry. I'll definitely be staying next door for half the cost and a lot better accommodations the next time I'm in Chicago!
CADPcLH Fake Pos My husband and I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago and we can't wait to go back! The hotel is located in downtown Chicago and seems to be at the heart of the city, we were close to everything. The Hard Rock Hotel is forty stories high and the view from our room was simply breathtaking. The room itself was spotless and featured modern luxurious decor and furnishings. The bed was heavenly. The hotel staff was friendly, upbeat and extremely helpful, we asked for directions and restaurant recommendations and they were spot on with both. I highly recommend the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago and I would stay there again in a heartbeat. 
CBh6pHk Fake Neg WARNING! My stay at the Talbott Hotel will go down in history as one of my worst experiences staying in hotels. I was excited for a weekend getaway with a few friends. After receiving a few positive recommendations and looking at their website we decided to stay at the Talbott. They were promoting up to $30 breakfast credit per day. And breakfast is my favorite meal so this was already looking like a great time. Upon our arrival we were greeted by an employee (which we wouldn't have known had he not told us) that was not only rude but made sexual advances at one of the ladies on our group. Once we talked with a manager about the incident outside he assured us that he would take care of the issue and even upgraded us to King suites instead of the double size rooms we originally reserved. If someone had blindfolded me and took me into one of these rooms I would have sworn we were at Motel 6, not a luxury hotel in Chicago. The linens were stained, room smelled of smoke and had another odor that was similar to old cat pee. I was truly disgusted. After a night out on the town we came back to our disgusting rooms to get some sleep. The next morning I was excited for our breakfast that was highly recommended by the hotel and other guests. I have to say it was one of the worst breakfasts I have ever eaten. The toast was stale, eggs were made from powder instead of real eggs, and the juice they served was sour. I would never recommend this as a place to stay. I would suggest the Red Roof Inn over this place anytime.
CF9VSLz Fake Pos Fantastic stay! The hotel was beautifully decorated and immaculately clean. I chose this place because a friend recommended it plus it was VERY close to my business conference. Here you get the resources and exemplary four star luxury treatment with the downtown Chicago charm. Be sure to try the ribs at South Water Kitchen next door. They are the best I've ever had. EVER! If youre in the mood to unwind, you can sample the evening wine tastings downstairs or take a walk and explore the nightlife all around. I had a great time here. From now on, I won't stay anyplace else. 
CGb7Nv4 Fake Pos I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco and I must say, it has become one of my favorite hotels in the windy city. In the past, I've always stayed at the Marriott or the Hilton so this time I thought I'd go with a boutique hotel. I've stayed at some of the Kimpton properties in San Francisco so I was delighted that they are running the Monaco. Basically, I like the friendly, real-people atmosphere as opposed to the corporate style places I've used before. I do work out and they had a decent fitness center with the treadmill I normally use. South Water Kitchen served a terrific meal even in a city of great restaurants. I really dug the complimentary coffee, high speed internet and newspaper. I get tired of being nickel and dimed by the corporate hotels and liked the fact that the Monaco offered a bunch of freebies -- especially liked the afternoon wine service. All in all, I will return to the Monaco. It's a great alternative.
CKtulFU Fake Pos The Talbott Hotel is fantastic! I stayed there on business and found that it met my every need. The high speed internet access worked flawlessly; allowed me to do much of my work from the comfort of my luxuriously appointed room. I really like to exercise before a day of meetings; access to the fitness club next door was very convenient. Last point: I work for a green consulting firm out of L.A. and the hotel's environmental credentials dovetailed perfectly with our mission. Guilt free luxury!
CNJEVWo Fake Pos My husband and I stayed at the Conrad Chicago on our 1st anniversary tripped and had a WONDERFUL experience thanks to the staff. Not only is the hotel and a great location with many places to eat and socialize within walking distance, but they rooms were also clean and quiet. The staff was helpful and accommodated our requests. We'll definitely be staying here again next time we visit Chicago! Also if you stay you MUST eat at The Restaurant. Fabulous food!
CVxLEtC True Pos Great location and quality place to stay. Lovely large clean room with a queen size bed it was great. Staff were very helpful and put us onto some great restaurants and then some music bars. Coleman on the front desk was a great guy to meet as a first impression he sold the hotel to us with his personality. The hotel delivered an anniversary cake to us in our room (compliments of the hotel) for me this showed that they care about their guests Many thanks to all it was a great place to stay. 
Cc1LKe9 True Pos Booked this on priceline for an insanely low price of $65 a night. The BF and I were amazed when we got there--the person checking us in was friendly and helpful to suggest some local nightspots and the room was gorgeous! A nice upscale, downtown feel and super comfy beds. We had a fabulous view from the 25th floor that inlcluded a sliver of Lake Michigan, a sliver of the Taste of Chicago crowds, and some friendly office workers in the builiding next door who waved to us a few times. Seriously. We had a pretty anonymous experience the rest of our stay--which was fine with us. The hotel consists mainly of 2 towers and is like a huge, sprawling city inside. But we weren't there to stay in the hotel room the entire time...we like to get out and explore as much as possible. The location was fantastic. Easy walking distance to Michigan Avenue and the rest of downtown. We walked for blocks well into the night and never felt like we needed a cab. I also highly recommend the Urban Cruise on the river (the entrance is right across from the hotel)--we saw some amazing architecture from the boat and got to cruise Lake Michigan a bit too. Don't park your car here if you don't need to--it's very expensive. Park downtown or ditch the rental car--you won't need it anyway, you can walk to tons of stuff or grab a cab. Love Chicago and totally recommend this hotel! 
CerI9oA Fake Neg My experience with the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was Terrible! I arrived exactly at my check in time only to be told my room would not be ready for another hour. I chose to wait patiently at the hotel bar and found myself again disappointed I sat for 15 minutes before the bar tender served me and the drink I received was warm. When the room was finally ready I was horrified to find hairs in the bathtub and mysterious spots on the bedding. When I called down to housekeeping the staff was very rude and maid who they sent up to change my sheets acted annoyed and muttered under her breath the whole time she was changing our sheets and cleaning the bathroom. After all this hassle I would normally expect at least a complimentary beverage but not only was that not offered I found even using internet at this location involved a rather exorbitant fee 13.95 for a 24 hour period. I was shocked having stayed at a variety of higher end hotels I have never once been asked to pay extra for my wifi access. Overall I was highly disappointed with my stay and will not be returning to the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel any time soon.
ChXzmFr True Neg I was very disappointed with the hotel this time. They seem to be coming down in quality quite a bit. The clientele also seem to be of a lower quality. The lobby was quite a rambunctious scene with no one on staff seeming to notice. The house keeper only did the bare minimum in the room each day and did not replace the used toiletries or the coffee; she also left the dirty coffee cups in the room. I think I will have to stay with the InterContinental next time.
Cx1vJtZ True Neg me (taking a cue from david dancer): 'sup? front desk person: yes? me: so, do I have to wait in the elevator line to get up to my room? front desk person: what room are you in? me: **** front desk person: oh. ...i'm afraid so. OR, you can take the other elevators and take the fire stairs up to the 10th floor. me: oh? wtf! so, we're staying at this hotel, and there is a bar on the 29th floor, but we have to wait 15 minutes in line to get to our fucking hotel room? get bent! we're paying to stay here, not just drinking in your bar!
CyyRe2E True Pos Staying at this hotel was one of the high points of a last minute, budget Valentines weekend trip for my husband and me. We got a great rate -- $70 -- on Priceline. Close to the subway (red line) and we got from O'Hare to the hotel in less than an hour for $3.50 for both of us. We were able to check in more than 4 hours early. Room was great -- very clean, good closet space and fantastic bedding. Had one expensive drink at the Irish bar, but the bartender's advice on restaurants and clubs to check out made it worth the price. Concierge was helpful, too. Overall, service was terrific, room was great and staying there was a treat. I would stay there again any time, especially at that price. 
DGnbEkZ True Neg I want to issue a travel-warning to folks who might sign up for the weekend deal they offer through travelzoo from time to time: The deal says "free breakfast" included in the price. However, what they don't tell you, is that the breakfast consists of a cup of coffee and a bisquit (or two)! Moreover, you need to ask for these "tickets" at the lobby when you check in - they won't give them to you automatically! We stayed there over Christmas '03, and we, and I noticed several guests who bought the same package, had a rather unpleasant experience! The hotel is nice though, if you don't consider their lousy service!
DKa9HGb Fake Neg My recent stay at the Talbott Hotel in Chicago was miserable. My visit began on the wrong foot when they couldn't locate my reservation. I had my reservation code and the email confirmation but they insisted they couldn't find me "in the system". We finally agreed to scrap that reservation and start over. That process was lengthy as they were training a new girl on how to take reservations. The room that I had originally reserved (King) was not available and I had to wait 45 minutes for them to clean a Double room. I was so tired from the traveling and the hassle at the front desk that I decided to stay in and order room service. It took an hour and a half for my food to arrive. When finally delivered, it was cold and not exactly how I had ordered it. So now I am cranky, tired and starving! I ate what I could from the mini bar (poor selection of items) and went to bed. The room was spacious but had a stale smell to it, as if someone had smoked in it. The next morning I complained and wanted to change rooms. The woman at the front desk couldn't be bothered with me and didn't try to make things right in any way. I decided to check out and go to another hotel for the remainder of my stay in Chicago. I will never waste my time or money at The Talbott again.
DOdyvrC Fake Neg I booked my weekend Chicago stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago because of the location as well as some good reviews I found online. However, my experience at the Hard Rock Hotel fell short of my expectations. When I arrived, well over an hour of check in time, I was told that my room was not yet ready and I was left awkwardly waiting around for another half an hour as I did not want to leave the hotel again before settling in. The hotel staff I interacted with seemed generally uninterested in their jobs, and while I do appreciate that this is a hip hotel popular with a younger crowd, there was an excessive amount of noise on the floor I was staying on throughout the night until about half past four in the morning when it quieted down (after two calls to the front desk to make complaints about this issue). As I am a fairly light sleeper, I woke up several times throughout the night. I would recommend bringing earplugs if you're also a light sleeper but would like to get in some decent sleep. Overall the hotel looked very nice, but I just felt that my experience was not worth the amount I paid for my room.
DQt1wsA True Pos We arrived at the Omni on 2nd September for a 6 day stay. I took ill when I left the plane after travelling from Manchester so I saw more of the room than I anticipated. I couldn't go out for 4 days. The room was spacious and clean. The bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was large and very clean. What more could you ask. We had coffee and juice left outside our door every morning at the time we requested. I managed to go to the 5th floor to see the sun terrace (outside the gym) Having a sun terrace in a city hotel is a great idea but the terrace was a bit grim. A few sunbeds on a concrete floor. There was also noise from an air conditioning unit. It could do with a bit of cheering up. What I saw of Chicago was very pleasing, it has something for everyone. Would I go back to the Omni? yes I would. 
DaHK4rW True Pos We have just returned from a week at the James Chicago. The hotel is fabulous, very chic and chilled. The service is beyond compare. Check in and out were swift and painless. The Concierge service is also super efficient having located an excellent hair salon and a couple of fab restaurants for us during our stay. The hotel restaurant itself is rated 5 in the top 10 in Chicago - voted by Chicago residents. We stayed on the 14th floor with great views of the city. The room (a deluxe king) was equipped with a great selection of cocktail making lovelies, hairdryer, safe, tv, robes & slippers, a very interesting selection of minibar items (one of which was a real surprise!) including crisps/snacks a first aid kit and an umbrella! We also had a spotless and elegant bathroom with Kiehls products and a cosy little dining area. The ipod dock/CD/radio and complimentary chillout CD were a nice touch and husband liked the enormous plasma tv. The super comfy bed ensured a good snooze and complimentary WiFi allowed us to plan our next day's activities from our bedroom. We were so busy touring around the city we didn't get an opportunity to use the gym or the spa - both of which looked fab. The bar/lobby area is a haven of civilised tranquility with smooth music playing in the background to help you chillout that bit more. Staff are attentive without being fussy and a good selection of drinks and bar snacks are available. The barman mixes a mean mohito ! This hotel is full of nice little thoughtful touches to make people feel welcomed and cared for e.g. The Virtual Tuck In service - basically a couple of PCs with webcams to allow people to say goodnight to their children when they're away from home on business. Also the dog biscuits and water outside the front door for our furry friends. Next visit to Chicago I'll definitely be staying here and wouldn't even consider an alternative if The James can maintain these standards. 
Dc3LIaj Fake Pos My husband and I stayed at the Omni after attending a wedding that took place there. We were delighted at the luxury of the rooms and the accomodations were wonderful. Everyone from the concierge to the housekeepers were friendly and professional. We were extremely pleased with the whole experience and look forward to our next trip to Chicago so we can stay there again. And, by the way, the wedding was absolutely gorgeous!
DfwJnPH Fake Neg I stayed this hotel for 2 nights. I had high hopes seeing as this is a 4 star hotel and seems quite elegant based on pictures I've seen. Upon entering the building, you can easily see that it is clean and high class. The lobby was nice, and everything seemed as it should be. However, as soon as I made it into my room, it was completely different than everything previous to it. It was dirty, visible yellow stains on the walls and all around the restroom. The room too was not completely organized as all other hotel rooms I've been to. There was also a lingering smell from the last tenants. When I called the front desk about these issues, they sent someone up to fix it. I left the hotel about two hours and upon returning, they were still at it! This is an unreasonable amount of time to fix these glaring errors. The smell also did not completely disappear when they were done. As I was too tired, I just decided to deal with it for the rest of my stay here and focus on enjoying my vacation at Chicago instead. I hope its shallow exterior does not fool others like it fooled me.
DhLPg8i Fake Neg Terrible time at The Talbott. When I planned my vacation to Chicago I called ahead and made reservations to stay here. When I went to check in I was told I didn't have a reservation, knowing my credit card was charged I argued with the guy who was working. Finally the only option he gave me was to speak with someone else. Thankfully they knew how to use the computer. I go up to my room and there was a terrible smell of beer and feet. I could not believe it when I complained, I was told to spray some air freshener. I had to go visit family. When I got back my room key did not work. Once again there I was complaining to the helpless employee. He told me the magnetic strip must of came in contact with a magnet. I could not believe the mentality of this guy. I had one more night reserved, I could not take it anymore and I went and spent the rest of my vacation at my Aunts house. I would not recommend The Talbott to anyone.
Dva4hWv True Neg This hotel is totally overrated. Yes, the location is awesome, but there are plenty of other nearby hotel options. The customer service, or lack thereof, was particularly disappointing. Why are they paying anywhere from 2 - 8 doormen yet none of them can ever actually open the door for a lady? Even when her hands are full. The housekeeping staff couldn't figure out our preferences even after we left them a daily note explicitly stating such along with a tip -every day. Why ask what newspaper we want with our morning room service when you don't bring it anyway. As stated previously, the location is great. Location, however, does not make up for the complete lack of customer service and inattentiveness from staff. I would not stay here again.
DxQBEbo Fake Neg I stayed at the Hilton Chicago back in July. For a "luxury" hotel this place did not meet my expectations. For starters, we arrived fifteen minutes early for check in and were told that our room wouldn't be ready for at least another hour! I'm used to hotel rooms being ready well before check-in timee. Since we had to wait we decided to grab a drink at one of the hotel's restaurants, Kitty O'Sheas. Well, we must have used up almost that whole hour just waiting for drinks. Once we finally got to our room it was OK, although not great for the price. We had no view of anything to speak of even though we had paid for a view, and there were not extra towels as I had requested. We had to call room service twice to receive them, then another two times because our air conditioner wasn't working. Fees for internet were ridiculous and the phone service was terrible so I could barely use internet on my phone. Next time I'm in the Chicago area I won't be staying at the Hilton. I'd only recommend this hotel to people who want to waste money.
E148dEc True Neg This hotel has a great location, and very friendly staff. However, the physical condition of the property has certainly fallen behind the competition. I use to be a regular at this hotel . . . but have not been back for 15 years. Rooms have not been well maintained (old carpets frayed at doors), wall paper peeling off of the walls, TV's from the 80's. There is currently construction going on in the lobby area, making it impossible to get to the restaurant without leaving the hotel and walking to an outside door.
E2YiOsq True Pos I was completely blown away by this hotel. It was magnificent. I got a great deal and I am so happy that I stayed here. Before arriving I was nervous as I had read a few bad reviews about the impact the renovation was having on peoples stay, for example very noisy. However, whilst the renovation was still going on and the gym was not open nor the restaurant, it made no difference to me. My room was huge, bathroom was spacious with excellent water pressure, bed was perfect and the view was amazing. Hotel is so close to the great shops of Magnificent Mile, plus a comfortable walking distance to Hancock tower and Millennium Park. 
E906wYl Fake Pos I got married in the Chicago area this passed weeknd and my guests all stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel. They had nothing but nice things to say about it! My husbands mother is terribly picky about where she stays and this hotel met her needs. The rooms are decorated so nicely and they don't have that funny hotel smell. The Pump Room was a fun place for the men to hang and watch sports. If I'm ever in the area again I will be sure to book a room at the Ambassador East Hotel!
ECa7NzL Fake Pos My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago to celebrate our ten year anniversary. We could not have picked a better locate. The price of the hotel was really affordable for a couple on a tight budget. The flat screen television and the comfortable beds were a favorite of mine. My husband loved the Stetson Steakhouse and the 24 hour stay fit gym. We really did not leave the hotel during I stay there because basically everything you need is only a walk or phone call away. If we ever travel to this area again this would be my first and only pick for a wonderful stay. This hotel gets four thumbs up from my husband and I. What a wonderful ten years celebration.
EEEZ5GH True Neg Going to the Internet Retailer 2010 at the last minute and this was the only hotel left available with shuttle services. First of all, from reading other reviews, now I know I got ripped @ $249 a night when Priceline folks are sniping these rooms for $79 (albiet, I got free wifi). The hotel is nice; but it can only get so nice for an oldie...no matter how much money you dump into it. Shower head was really low (I'm 6'1"), water pressure was low. It is in a decent part of town with a hype bar close by (check out reviews on Yelp!) For some off reason I ended up with two double beds (they asked me a few times if I was traveling alone). If traveling here: 1 - make sure you get a better deal than I did 2 - confirm your exact needs with reservation over the phone and in person 3 - Don't have super high hopes My room was neither up to par as a business class (although the 22nd floor is called the executive floor) nor was it a good fit for the romantic couple...it wasnt even spacious enough for those last minute get awayers (sp?) trying to save money.
EFlLJKj Fake Neg If you are looking for a high end hotel on the Magnificent Mile, the Affinia Chicago is NOT your best option. First of all, the "central" location is not so convenient - there is quite a hike to the Navy Pier (which this hotel claims to be the "official" hotel of) and to the shops on the Mile. Secondly, the hotel is small - only 215 rooms, most of which are miniscule by comparison to the other hotels in the area. Thirdly, they have one restaurant and one lounge, both of which offer the same menu which seems a bit bizarre for a high end hotel. Finally the Affinia has one of the most rude staffs ever witnessed in a luxury hotel. One does expect some courtesy at the outrageous prices but be ready for the attitude and snobbery that will greet you at the Affinia!
EFonLWW True Pos This is a stunning hotel in an excellent location in the greatest of US cities. The entrance and lobby of the hotel indicates its class. The bedrooms are large and comfortable and the customer service is second to none. It is located on South Michigan directly across the road from Grant and Millenium Park. It also has a free shuttle to the Water Tower in the heart of the Magnificent Mile. For Blues fans, Buddy Guy's Legends Club is situated immediately behind the Hotel. Highly recommended. 
ELvZN2a True Pos Named my price on priceline. $50.00 Bucks. Hotel room was great. Clean, Clean and new. Fresh crisp sheets, comfortable bed, flat screen TV, clean carpet, nice bath, etc. Short distance to food and sightseeing. I highly recommend this property. Be prepared to pay over $40.00 per night to park. Hey, Its a hyatt. They also charge $5.00 for a bottle of water that is normally a buck. For a total of $100.00 nightly stay in Chicago this place is it just don't drink the bottled water. Happy Travels 
EPgEh8d Fake Neg This hotel was full of drunks. The lobby was full of crowds at night and the bar was way too busy. There were people stumbling all over the hotel at all hours of the night, yelling in the hallways, making lots of noise. The staff had little to say. I wasn't aware of the noise level when I booked the room and when I threatened to make other reservations, the people in the lobby had nothing to say. We asked for a water view and got a city view. Again, the people at the front desk weren't accomodating at all. Overall, we had a horrible experience.
EQCGWmF True Neg I'm sitting in the hotel as I right this review and am not impressed with the room. The hotel is not modern in the least - it feels like you're staying in your grandmother's attic. Wallpaper is peeling off the wall, not well lit, very few outlets in the room -- especially convenient ones (none next to the bed or built into lamps), terrible views and loud construction noises woke me up at 7am. Even the location is off the beaten path - closest L stop is on the Red Line -- so not accessible via the loop stops on the blue line from the airport without transferring. Health club is not on site either. There are hundreds of other hotels I would stay in over this one.
ESIgPob Fake Pos We just got back from a trip to Chicago for my 30th birthday and we could not have been more impressed by this hotel! Service was excellent, especially the maid service. Our room was so clean and fresh towels brought in daily. The front desk staff was some of the most professional and friendly staff I have ever dealt with while travling. The location is excellent as it is within walking distance of the best restaurants and stores. I highly recommend Affinia for a the perfect family vacation.
ET7Yp8p True Neg We stayed 2 nights over spring break in what was called a Jr Suite but resembled a wide hallway with a window at one end. Bad cheap furniture, carpet that stops short of reaching the wall, a TV that sticks out into the middle of the room and a window that whistled when the wind blew. BAD BAD experience. Find aother hotel plenty in the area.
EWddKLM Fake Neg I booked a room at this hotel expecting great accommodations considering the price but was disappointed. The room looked nice, but I found that there weren't any extra blankets in the closet and the heating system was dysfunctional. I came back to the room after a meeting and found that it still had not been cleaned even though it was the late afternoon. I asked for replacement towels and they were very late in coming. I would have expected there to be a shuttle of some sort to the airport, especially since the website advertises the close distance. Instead, I had to call for a taxi and was almost late for my plane because the taxi was stuck in traffic. All in all, not the best experience at all.
EZ8XRUc Fake Pos I just spent the weekend here with my wife, and she loved it as much as I do. I was here several weeks ago for a work trip booked by the company to show our staff off to some big clients, so I didn't have any choice. But when my wife said she wanted to come to Chicago, I knew this was the place to take her. The hotel hasn't just been remodeled, it's been completely redesigned. Things have been moved around to make the flow of the public spaces work better, and the two rooms that I've seen are showplaces. They are amazing. This hotel is part of a luxury chain, and it's easy to see why. They offer full room service at convenient hours. I've been in every eating area now, and they are all great, too. Whether for business or pleasure, you can't beat this. It's a luxury hotel with all the luxurious features you'd expect. My wife was stunned, and yours will be, too. 
Eb799WB Fake Neg I will never stay here again. I was lured in by the hotel's pictures showing a fabulous suite. Instead I arrived to find cheap furniture that smelled of old cheese. I called the front desk to see if there was another room available. I was put on hold for five minutes and no one came back on the line. I ended up going to the front desk myself. I was ignored and not given assistance until I interrupted the front desk clerk who seemed to be on a personal call. The clerk apologize but then looked at me with an attitude when I requested another room because mine smelled like old cheese. I was informed that there were no other rooms available but that they would send up housekeeping. Housekeeping sprayed some Febreeze on the couch and then left. I tried to relax by turning on the TV in the bedroom. I sat on the bed and saw something scurry under the pillow. I checked the corner of the mattress and found bedbugs. I packed up my bags and left after that. I did get a refund on the room after some complaining. I went across town to the Marriott where I had a much better stay.
EcT4mO8 True Pos my husband and l stayed here after a very hectic week in new york. The room was very spacious and clean, the bed was huge and extremely comfortable. I really liked the Aveda bathroom products, great smell. We had room service the first night and it arrived really quick and piping hot. Compliments to the chef. The concierge was very helpful as we needed to find a few places and we were meeting up with friends and did not know how to get to Navy pier, directions were given to us accompanied by a map. The weekend we were there it was their annual air and navy show, this was spectacular. The whole of the last day of the show we spent at Navy pier and the Millenium park. Location of the hotel is very good for most things especially shopping. If we are ever in Chicago again we will definately stay here. 
EgFGwKt Fake Pos The Affinia Hotel is beautiful! It's in a great location, the service is top-notch, and the rooms are very comfortable and spacious. The look of the hotel is very modern, but it feels warm and cozy, too. The restaurant is amazing! I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would definitely go back! If you're planning a trip to Chicago, check this place out!
EjBP6es True Neg As a regular visitor to Chicago and a freuent guest at the Ambassador East, I was exceptionally disappointed during our last visit. Room service has been eliminated despite the renowned Pump Room being located in the hotel, there was no in-room directory, the carpet was torn and stained, no phone book, the refigerator and honor bar had been removed, and the room was so small I had to turn sideays to get past the bed and the armoire. I asked the desk clerk about larger rooms, and he said they were all the same except for corner rooms - which is untrue, as there are several larger room types. He didn't even offer to check availablity of other rooms! In talking with the consierge, she blamed everything on upcoming renovations - which the hotel has been promising for more than two years. All in all, a very disappointing, and expensive, experience.
EoJ0Ovp True Neg In my experience the Ambassador hotel didn't seem to be a 3 1/2 star establishment. The building and lobby were nice but the hotel room was extremely dated. The carpeting was very old and worn. The floor - carpeting and tile both seemed dirty which made me very uncomfortable. I would imagine that many years ago this was a very nice hotel. Currently, it's indespirate need of renovation.
ErYoQcy True Pos I try to stay at the James every time I happen to be in Chicago. There are other good choices in town, but nobody has what the James offers: superior service - aka class meets efficiency -, metropolitan design and comfort with an attention to details I found only at the W in Seoul, and what always plays a role meaning a convenient location ... Then they get to you with small unexpected touches that make the difference ie: I was about to take off and drive North, it was a hot July day...one of the staff members handed me a bottle of water. A small gesture. Unexpected and appreciated. The management AND the staff understand what we expect and more importantly, what we need. AND they consistenly execute against that. 
F0jDiCB True Neg I have stayed in the Talbott a few times and had always liked it. This time was my first visit in 2 years and I was disappointed. The hallways are now looking tired and the carpets need to be replaced. I had asked for a corner room but instead was given a small and very dark room looking out onto a wall 10 feet away with multiple noisy vents immediately outside the window. The lights had to be kept on throughout the day even through the days were bright. The bathroom was tiny and would be difficult to manage with 2 people in the room. The AC unit rumbled on permanently with background white noise even when switched off. Having stayed there before I know there are better rooms but this one was the same price as the others I have been in and the risk is getting it again. Other small things contributed - the lobby brownies are no longer, there were no cup lids for the lobby coffee (so you couldn't walk out with the coffee) and I got a newspaper only on the last morning of a 5-night stay. The construction noise was not too bad but does start at 7.30am and goes on until around 8pm, including weekends.
F2Ix128 Fake Pos Set up an important meeting for some clients at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago. They were flying to Chicago for a special trip to checkout the music scene and to discuss business with my company. Naturally, they wanted to stay here. The client really seemed to like their rooms, but felt the Paul Reed Smith room was too cramped for our day-long meeting (330 sq ft.). In a panic, I contacted the HRH staff and they actually had another, bigger, room available. We quickly moved our meeting in the Birdland room for the rest of the day and the meeting was a rousing success. (Birdland room is 660 sq ft.) We have a new client and so does HRH. This is where the client wants to stay every time they fly in for future business meetings with us.
F6byW50 True Neg No excuse for a hotel like this to have cold showers on three consecutive days and then to tell customer that engineering will look at it and that we should have told them sooner. I wouldn't expect a cold shower at a budget hotel, let alone an Omni. Great location and the bar is nice.
FBQkWk2 Fake Pos This was really an unexpected experience for me as far as hotel accommodations go. For this week's vacation in Chicago, I heard several recommendations regarding lodging, but the James Chicago was mentioned most emphatically. I expected an experience of comfort, luxury and customer satisfaction, but I was pleasantly surprised by the level of innovation and forward-thinking employed by every aspect of this hotel. The design is breathtaking -- modern, clean, stylish, sexy -- and its reflected everywhere from the lobby, shops and restaurants, to the stunning guest rooms themselves. My family and I felt energized by the smartly sleek environment we were in, and were impressed at every turn by the sophisticated take on hotel decor. Far from a traditional hotel experience, this was like moving into chic, exclusive downtown apartment, and truly an upscale adventure in modern luxury living. Impressive, too, was the hotel's overall approach to its guests and its use of the world's resources. From its offer of in-room recycling to the available bicycles for guest usage, the James offers a unique perspective on its place in the world, and gently helps its guests assist in maintaining that balance with ease and elegance. It's a respect that shows through, too, in other areas: support for artistic organizations, charities and other programs of merit, as well as Chicago-centric packages compiled for guests so they can make the best of their stay, whether for a weekend, a week, or longer. The James Chicago will definitely be our choice for accommodations whenever we revisit Chicago. In fact, we may visit again solely to stay at the James! 
FIDqm6j Fake Neg The James Hotel in Chicago was a huge let down. I was expecting a truly spectacular experience. On the website it appears to be an absolutely fabulous state of the art hotel. Well, my family's bad experience started right when we walked in the door. It turns out the room we had reserved had been given to someone else, and the man at the front desk was extremely rude. We had to wait for an hour for the house keeping service to prepare a new room for us. The room had an odd smell and we had to ask for towels and hand soap as they weren't already in the room. The one thing that was good about the place was the fabulous gym. All in all, I feel that we paid way too much for what we got. Next time I will look to stay somewhere else.
FKabQxj True Pos My wife and I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel for the first 3 days of our honeymoon in mid-October. We decided to split our honeymoon up and stay in two different hotels so that we could experience different aspects and areas of Chicago in a week. I'll start out by saying that this was a great experience. At check-in, I indicated that we were on our honeymoon and were upgraded to a suite. The Ambassador East is probably a 10 to 15 minute walk from the North end of the Magnificent Mile. It is also just a 2 or 3 minute walk to a lot of great restaurants and bars on Rush. Our room itself was incredibly spacious and well appointed. Our suite (on the 3rd floor) had two very large closets, a large "living room" and a large bedroom. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the bathroom was nice enough. If I would have payed full price for this suite, I probably would have given it a rating of 4, but because the staff was so kind and because my wife and I had such a great time here, I decided to give it a five. It is also worth mentioning that the concierge was very helpful. My wife and I decided to eat at The Pump Room restaurant, but we were not very impressed. We found the food and service mediocre. The atmosphere was probably pretty neat when Sinatra used to eat there back in the day, but not anymore. Although we were unimpressed by the Pump Room, the staff were kind enough to seat us in the "Sinatra Booth" which was back in a corner and enclosed by curtains. That neat experience was really the only redeeming value of our meal here. The Ambassador East is an older hotel, but it is in a charming older neighborhood. The staff's kindness and overall charm of the hotel itself really impressed my wife and me. When we are in Chicago again, we will definitely consider staying at the Ambassador East again. 
FR2TEzz Fake Neg My husband and I recently stayed stayed at the Hilton Chicago and it was a horrible experience. When we arrived, the front desk clerk was on the phone on what sounded like a personal call and didn't even acknowledge us for at least five minutes. When we got to our room I went to lay on the bed and noticed a black hair on the pillow. I'm am very paranoid about hotels being dirty, so I pulled back the sheets and moved all the pillows around and noticed several more hairs. I called for some new sheets which they said they would send right up but it actually took nearly 30 minutes. The second night we were there we decided to try the Irish pub in the hotel called Kitty O'Sheas because my husband loves pub food. We had the shepherd's pie which was awful. It was watery and had no flavor and it was not cheap! Our server seemed annoyed when we complained and did not offer it to be taken off the check. While we had a great trip to Chicago, the Hilton was definitely NOT a highlight of our trip. Overall, we had rude service, a dirty room and bad food. Spend your money elsewhere
FSUKCKq Fake Neg A friend and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago for a weekend while visiting a mutual friend of ours for her Birthday. The hotel at first glance was very nice and charming. But, We quickly found out that was not the case. Our room reeked of smoke when we first stepped in. The bathroom was filthy, it looked as though it had not been cleaned in weeks!! There was mold around the toilet and a film over the mirror. There were also very large stains all over the carpet through the room. We immediately called the front desk to tell about our smelly, unkempt room. The women at the front desk was rude and assured us that what we were smelling "was not smoke" because that is not permitted in the hotel. We were also told that room was cleaned that day. After several minutes of arguing with her and a manager, we were moved to a another room which took 2 hours because there were no other clean rooms available at that time. WE had to sit in the lobby with our baggage until one was made available for us. The food we ordered from the restaurant was horrible and WAY over priced. Our waiter was rude and only stopped by our table twice the whole time we were there. All the staff at this hotel seemed unhappy and barley even acknowledged any of the guests. I will never stay here again and I would never recommend this hotel to any one.
FWu0dzG True Neg This is a great hotel but there is no way that I would recommend it until the construction around it is complete. The elevator is the alley starts for the construction site behind at 5:30am and goes on into the night. Dumpster filling and emptying also seems to go on 24/7. Worst of all, the restaurant is open to the sidewalk cafe here and the rats go scampering from the construction next door to street to grating. Ugh!
FZGxcya True Pos I just returned from a stay at this fabulous hotel - what a treat! The hotel website offers a great rate, and what I found was affordable luxury. I asked for a high floor & found myself with a fabulous view, in a room where there was an orchid spray in the bathroom, terrycloth robes and slippers, turndown service, Roger Gallet toiletries, a fluffy down conforter, and a wonderful pillowtop bed. The bathroom was so clean that it sparkled. The service was impeccable as well. Even my room service breakfast was way above average with an incredibly generous basket of excellent croissants, brioches, & pain au chocolat. The decor was unique & the location convenient. Check out the stunning flowers throughout the lobby. This is a topnotch hotel. 
FcCx8ZL Fake Pos We stayed here for a weekend trip to Chicago and we will come back and stay here again. It was great place front desk clerks were very helpful.Also we loved the view. Very nice quiet place and upto date and super clean. We will def stay here again highly recommended.
FhXhYGN Fake Neg My experience as Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was horrible. Me and my wife were on a road trip from New York and stopped had reservations for Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel. We arrived at 12:00 AM and they did not have a non-smoking room available for which we booked! My wife was pregnant at the time and the reception staff had no sympathy. My wife couldn't handle the smell of the room so I asked for a refund to go stay somewhere else. They refused and were very rude and unhelpful. We had to stay the night, and the first thing next morning we did was leave and look for a different hotel. I will never stay at this hotel again.
FuBxBNP Fake Pos We really enjoyed our stay! It is a beautiful hotel and the entire staff is helpful and polite. They had great suggestions on where to eat, what to do, etc. We were within walking distance of many great Chicago locations like the Navy Pier and Art Institute. The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable, I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great home away from home in Chicago.
FwNq3cj True Neg This hotel has a great location and nice infrastructure. The river north area is full of great restaurants and the north bridge area is great for out of towners. The decor is lovely and a nice hold-over from when this was a Le Meridian. While the Conrad aspires to be in the top tier along with the Peninsula, the Four Seasons, the Ritz and Park Hyatt, it falls short. We and dinner at the Terrace Restarant outside the other day and were initially impressed with the setting and the selection. While the prices were similar to the Peninsula, we figured that it was a nice day and worth a try. Wow, were we ever disappointed. First off, we were told that we could have a seat but only stay until 7. OK, thats fine and we sat down. The waitress made a point to ask if anything was wrong, so that she could make it right. When we indicated that our glasses of champagne were not very full ($20 per glass), she consulted with the manager and then another manager (a heavier fellow in a dark suit). She came back and said that was the standard puor and that she would be glad to bring us additional glasses. What bothers me is not the outcome, but the fact that the management is not service focused. At a Four Seasons or the Peninsula, this would never happen and if we expressed any displeasure, it would be made right. At the Conrad, the Terrace manager just ignored it.
G3JNHMc Fake Neg During my stay at the Hilton Chicago it has been quite unpleasant. How so you might ask? Well ill tell you, the towels where scratchy and the service was terrible and by terrible I mean they weren't even at the desk when I checked in. Also, When I ordered my breakfast, lunch, and dinner from room service I received the wrong order for all meals and felt a little sick after lunch. Finally, The bill was charging me for stuff I didn't want or ask for. But overall the hotel was very bad and unpleasant for me and others. I give it a half a star.
G3WbKbw Fake Pos Do you want to stay in a sleek modern hotel that gives you all of the amenities to conduct your business? Then the James Hotel in Chicago is the place for you. Superb clean lines and sophistication welcomes you on first sight. Followed by spacious rooms, luxurious linens, and all-natural Kiehl's body shampoos and lotions. I absolutely loved my stay at the James Hotel in downtown Chicago. The bathrooms have raised sinks, and all of the luxurious amenities you would want. I absolutely loved the natural wood feel mingled with a modern touch. I felt at home in a very clean and modern atmosphere. I definitely would stay again, and plan to stay at the James in New York as well 
G93qYjB True Pos I stay at this hotel 2 times a year on business and LOVE it! The staff are great, the rooms are spacious and clean, and the location is perfect for shopping and dining on Michigan Ave. Plus if you sign up for Omni Select Membership (for free) you get free wireless internet access. 
G9dd6ae True Pos We stayed here because of all the great reviews, and it's all true. We were highly impressed with the high quality of everything, everyone, and the location. Walking distance to much of what Chicago has to offer. Gibson's steakhouse and the Hancock building to name a couple. This hotel should really be in the top ten or even top five hotels for Chicago. It should also have more than three stars. I mean three stars is for the hilton garden inn or marriott courtyard, and this place far exceeds chain hotels like those. Depending on the room you get, any price under $250 would be a good deal. Between 250 - 300 could still be worth it. 
GCUUhUS True Pos We booked at another hotel a block away and spent a unhappy night. We walked over to the Talbott and the courtiest staff showed us a room and we booked the rest of our stay. The room was very attractive and well furnished with double sinks in the bathroom. The tub is large and the shower a pleasure. The location was quiet as requested. The staff was always cheerful and very helpful. Tim and Stephanie provide excellent concierge services! The breakfast at the Basil Cafe is a great way to start the day. We travel a lot and appreciate the ambiance of a good hotel. I would highly recommend the Talbott for your stay. 
GDvZzdd Fake Pos My husband and I came to the Ambassador East Hotel for my sister's wedding. The hotel had been very helpful and professional in helping us coordinate a wedding with over 200 guests. When we arrived we were impressed by how organized they were, helping us check and get our guests situated. They were even nice enough to let us leave guest gift bags in each of our guest's rooms. Our rooms were clean and beautifully appointed, with a view of the city. We held the rehearsal dinner/groomsman party in the pump room which has a gorgeous bar complete with celebrity photos on the wall. After my sister was married in a church downtown, we held the reception in the large banquet hall. Again the hotel was great about shuttling all of our guests and helping us arrange dinner, the DJ and all of the wedding's decorations. We had a great time. Ambassador East Hotel is highly recommended!
GJgEuZg True Pos I believe I can not describe how amazing was our stay at The James. Service was impecable, from the door man to the front desk. Location could not be better. Yes, you can hear the ambulances in the street from the 14th floor, but, come on, you are downtown, what do you expect....Overall noise was not in a level to bother us. The only minor incident was a cleaner that tried to open our room to clean at 9 pm...PM not AM? Go figure... 
GRdOSXs True Neg I stayed at the Chicago Hilton because it was host to a conference I was attending. Before I arrived I tried to find out about the "In Room Fitness" program advertised on the corporate website. I called the 800 reservation number and the client service representative answered that the hotel did have a fitness center. I explained that I was inquiring about the 'In Room Fitness' advertised on their website. She put me on hold and came back a few minutes later and told me that there was no such thing and that I should call the property directly. I did and got the same response. I asked if they could reserve a treadmill for my room. Again, this was a problem. When I arrived at the hotel, no treadmill was available. When I went to tour the fitness room the first night I found that they close at 9pm. When I returned to the center the next day I discovered that they charge $13 per day to use the fitness equipment. The pool, track and locker room are free, but to use the treadmills, etc. you have to pay $13 per day. This charge is not noted anywhere -- not on the website, not in any of the guest service materials in the room. The food for the conference was mediocre, but the one room service meal I had was pretty good. During one of the conference lunch sessions the wait staff made so much noise we couldn't hear the speaker. The HVAC didn't work well in my room and I kept the windows open for most of my three night stay. The beds were comfortable with very nice linens. I tried to get a late checkout, which was offered on a card in my room. The woman who answered the phone would only give me an hour, not the 11-2pm range advertised in my room. The best service I received was from the folks in the Security office. The hotel does not have safes in guest rooms, so I became very friendly with Security office as I locked up my laptop between conference sessions and every other time I couldn't carry it out of the hotel. I visit Chicago at least once a year for personal travel and will continue to stay at the Marriott properties. Only wish I had done so for this visit.
GSS8ofO True Pos Ok, so first trip to chicago and I was a litlle worried about the hotel and the location, finally I decided on the CONRAD and wath a good experience i had, I booked a king deluxe room on the 6th floor, view was not amazing but that was the only coplaint i could had, room is nice, bath was all appliances and good size, good plasma tv, free internet, we asked one day for breaksfast and amazing food! so overall and for the price aroufn 220 It was a great surprise, the locating was very good a few blocks from everything and very quiet hotel 
GTkUrE8 Fake Pos My husband and I recently stayed at your Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, and what a fantastic experience it was. We stayed in one of the 'Extreme Suites' and let me tell you it was beautiful. The furniture and paintings were amazing and the view was to die for. The staff treated us really well and met all of our needs and then some. I especially loved the spa. We stayed for a week but I could have stayed a lot longer. It was very comfortable and welcoming. We will make sure to recommend your hotel to our friends and will be back the next time we are in Chicago. Thanks so much!
GUmmw3U True Neg This hotel is very busy and is operating way beyond their means. Incompetent service. Hotel ran out of hot water by 9am saturday. Elevators were very slow, waited 10 minutes on any given event. Red line trains ran every 10 minutes beneath city streets and you can hear the thunder in your room from them but it shouldnt keep you awake at night. Used my stay toward NW airlines bonus points. Bar was ok. One cup coffee service was awful. No free wireless and no free cable channels. Fridge was 25 bucks a day to use. With http://hotels.com res got it for 65 bucks with tax so what can you expect.?.... Location was superb and cab service was convenient but not enough to outweigh the negatives.
GXfNrx8 True Pos We spent a week in this hotel and were very pleased with the experience. As described in previous reviews. the room was very comfortable with the huge televison and bathroom being particularly outstanding. Service was excellent overall (I especially liked the bottle of water at my bedside with the turn down service). The door and bellmen/women were particularly pleasant and helpful and the concierge was friendly and knowledgeable. We had completely satisfactory (though overpriced) drinks in the bar but didn't eat at the restaurant. The health club was fine and the equipment was well maintained. While there were only three treadmills and two elipitical steppers, I never had to wait for a machine although it might be a different story in the dead of a Chicago winter! One minor quibble--I like to have coffee first thing in the morning and there was no in-room coffee maker. The restaurant offered free coffee "to-go" but only before eight AM. This is a very, very comfortable, attractive hotel in a wonderful location. Chicago is an expensive city but we felt that we got a reasonable value for our money. 
GZCONVg True Pos This was my first time in Chicago and wanted a hotel that was in a good location. This definitely fit the bill. I could walk to all the places I wanted to see - very close to Michigan Ave and the Magnificent Mile. About a 15 minute walk to the Art Institute. The hotel staff was very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful. There was coffee in the lobby every morning, that was very welcome. The room was comfortable and clean and fairly quiet. I could hear the train and some traffic from the street (considering the location, this wasn't bad and didn't affect my ability to sleep or relax). I would definitely recommend this hotel - a gem!! 
GZCrWNl True Pos Mostly great with a few islands of relatively minor problems. First the good: Outside of the hotel and lobby were decorated like a winter wonderland, as befitted the season. The restaurant service was absolutely flawless ( servers who don't write orders because they are expected to remember them, remember clients clearly from one day to the other, and go above and beyond consistently). Rooms are comfortable: yes the beds are great! The gym is well equipped. Second the slightly off putting: mmmhh...we got the "I love chocolate package" which advertized: bfast every day, dinner once, snack once and...a gift. And we have an A-Club favorite guest membership, which also advertized " a gift". So, no gift...either for the chocolate package or the favorite guest membership. Upon enquiry, "the snack was the gift". Not at all what the package suggested. That said, bfast was sublime and the chocolate dinner outstanding as well. Some problems at checkout though: we got charged for all dining despite having booked the package and it took quite a while for a polite but seemingly less than informed front desk staff to correct the problem. Would absolutely go back, but probably not on a special package. 
Ga8i3OE True Neg I travel to chicago quite often, and have stayed at a bunch of hotels. I stayed at Conrad a couple of times. My impression was not too good. Both times the receptionist was quite cold and I didn't feel welcome at all. The room was noisy. Thin walls, and you could hear exactly what the next room is talking about. One time the tv was broken too, and a guy came in and took like an hour to fix it... Anyway, given that this is a 4.5 star hotel, it really didnt live up to my expectations. After the 1st time at this hotel, I thought I might give it a second try. After the 2nd time, I decided I am really not coming back, especially given that there are so many other hotels close by. The other attendees of our conferences were also complaining about the hotel. So I guess I am not alone in this...
GamxxxV True Neg I arrived here at about 8pm after a flight from California. I didn't know about the renovation when I made the reservations, but that didn't bother me very much. I was helped by a man at the front desk named Ben, who was friendly enough, but literally just handed me my room key and told me to have a nice stay. He gave me NO information about anything. I had no idea where breakfast was served, or even if there WAS breakfast. There was also an EXTREMELY unpleasant woman working behind the desk(she wasn't wearing a name tag but was African American, slim with short hair) who seemed to be actually radiating hostility. It made me very uncomfortable and needless to say, made me feel unwelcome. I actually felt like I was putting her out by staying in the hotel. I encountered her again the next morning when I had to go downstairs to ask a question and again tried to smile at her a bit, and again was met with utter disdain and rudeness. I also watched her interact with another guest and saw her act with the same rudeness and bad manners. No matter what may be going on in one's life, when you work in customer service you need to leave whatever is happening at the door and put on a smile. I was appalled by her demeanor. My room was alright, there was no clock which I found very odd. Since I came from a different time zone my computer and phone had 2 different times and I was constantly confused as to which one was correct, especially upon waking up in the morning. It would have been nice to have a clock. There was also no literature on local sites, maps, restaurant menus, or even anything with the hotel's name and address in the room. Also, the mattress was the absolute worst mattress I've ever slept on in my life. I woke up every morning with a sore back and neck. I've had better sleep on a hard, lumpy futon. It was absurd. Like another person posted, my tub did not drain either, and I was also shocked that there were no soda machines or ice machines to be found. Maybe they were around somewhere, but I wasn't made aware of it at check-in, and I didn't want to go downstairs and ask for fear of being treated like I was a burden to the employees. The hotel is in a good location and the rooms look nice upon first glance, but I absolutely would not stay here again. I've had more pleasant stays at a cheap chain hotel, which was a bummer because it was my first visit to Chicago and I had pretty high expectations.
Gcv7AjA Fake Neg I had such a horrible experience when I stayed at Omni Chicago Hotel last Saturday night. First of all, the plasma TV in my room was broken and the staff said they had no other rooms available, and they weren't particularly apologetic about it, either. Secondly, it was supposedly a non-smoking hotel, but as an ex-smoker, I can tell that people had smoked in the room recently. Additionally, the indoor swimming pool was closed due to high chlorine levels, which was really disappointing, because I was looking forward to using the pool. Finally, check-out was supposed to be at noon. At 11:15 am, the maid was knocking at the door. She asked if I would be out soon, and I thought was very quite intrusive. I will never, ever stay at that place again.
GsqlFmk True Pos Having had a great stay at the Monaco last Fall with friends, I was disappointed (initially) to arrive on Saturday with husband and find that they didn't have our Quikbook made reservation in their system and they had no rooms available for Sat. eve. BUT they immediately took responsibility for their mistake by doing the following: found us a nice room at the neighboring Swissotel and paid for it! Gave us cab fare to get the 4 blocks over there. Paid for our valet parking $33 that eve. So naturally when they asked if we were interested in returning for Sunday eve (when they did have room), we said yes. When we returned, they gave us a corner suite with jacuzzi tub for our $139 quikbook rate! Now that's what I call a recovery!! 
GxSsb0x Fake Pos The Ambassador East Hotel is a business that certainly strives to keep its customers satisfied. Upon my entrance at the Ambassador East, I was greeted warmly. The staff was incredibly pleasant, and the accommodations were top-knotch. The food served at the award-winning "Pump Room" was to die for, and the service was fast but friendly. 
GzphirV Fake Neg The staff at the James Chicago hotel seemed determined to make my stay a horrible one. When I entered the establishment to check in, I was ignored. The clerk let half a dozen people in front of me before she even acknowledged me. Thinking room service would be better, I relaxed in my room while I waited for my food. By the time it reached my room, it was cold AND the wrong order. Disgusted, I went down to the pool only to find it was closed for maintenance. All the restaurants the hotel recommended were one-star, and none of my regular channels were on the tv. All in all, it was a bad stay at the James hotel in Chicago.
HBfUlNW True Neg Very centrally located in the Loop directly south of the 7th Day Adventist Church (my room looked down upon Wacker Drive, the aforementioned church and the Chicago River. Small room, virtually no storage space. Attended a conference with the Monaco as venue. They provided adequate service, with no problems. This was the first time I spent with a Kimpton Hotel and I registered for their Frequent Stay program. I never felt comfortable in this hotel. I'm 60 yrs old and it appears the clientele they target is half my age. Rude front deskperson of unidentifiable gender. The young people can have at it. I'll stay at the Marriott Michigan Ave next time.
HPEKJFR True Neg My wife and I just spent the Labor Day weekend in the city, choosing the Hard Rock Hotel as our pad. We've stayed at the HRH in Orlando twice and are blown away by the ambience there. It's not that way here. These may be all ticky tacky things, but they added up to us. First of all, the room. We upgraded our reservation thru the HRH website for a room with "an Incredible view". Well, our 9th floor view was of nothing more than the venting on top of the building next to us. That was all we could see. So there was no view. The room was muggy. We had the air turned down all the way and it never got below 74. We woke up sweaty both days. When we opened the window to get a breeze, the noise from the rooftop next to us was overbearing. The room was small and dark, but it didn't bother us that much. The bed may have been the mosr comfortable bed I ever slept in. And we even joked about stealing the pillows! We had the same issue with the honor bar as a previous poster, but they removed the charges no prob. Throughout the entire hotel, I counted a total of 3 pieces of music memorabilia. I thought it was a pretty cheesy attempt to renovate an old hotel, throw a Styx guitar on the wall, and slap a HRH emblem on the outside. The hotel itself was very clean and did not look like a renovation. The location is good, right on the south end of the mag mile, but there are 10-15 better hotels in a better location to shopping, quality eats, and Navy Pier. If you have a car, parking will cost you $38/day, which is prob normal for downtown. The hotel restaurant was a Chinese restaurant. The bar was small and trendy, and I guess the kicker to it all was that my wife tried to order a Pina Colada and they told us they didn't have a blender. WHAAT???? A HRH without a blender? Did they not know that Jimmy Buffet was in town???? Mind blowing! I would never, never, never go back here. Like I said, there are many better hotels in much better locations. I will stay at the HRH in Orlando or elsewhere again.
HRSRJvM Fake Pos I went to stay at this hotel last year. I have got to say it was a great authentic experience, the dining Restaurant was clean and fantastic the rooms were very comfortable with a friendly staff. Its location couldn't be more perfect so close you can walk to do some shopping. Looking at it from the outside at night is very beautiful. It is very affordable. I recommend this place to anyone and plan on staying again the next time i come to town.
HXPUIlE Fake Pos I would like to add a comment, maybe this will help others when choosing for a wedding destination. My daughter was married in May of 2010 and we decided to have the special event at the Sofitel Water Tower; we were amazed. She always wanted a ballroom type of wedding, and Sofitel made this happen for her. They took care of all the invitations, cake decor, and so much more. The special day for my daughter was worth everything. If you are going to be in the Chicago area, check them out; you will not regret it!
HYo5ufy Fake Pos I had to write this review! My tired body walked through the doors of The Fairmont. It felt like I walked through heaven's gates, the lobby was majestic and the staff was so friendly, that I was instantly energized. The front desk staff was very helpful and quick to find my reservation and get my bags up to my room. They were so nice to inform me of the health club and spa..oh those wonderful spa treatments that are offered are incredible, I took advantage of a soothing pedicure during my visit (my very first) as well as a massage. I was amazed at the size of the meeting/conference room that we used for an afternoon. The room was so clean and the bed was better than the one at home. The food downstairs in the restaurant smelled so good that as tired as I was after the meeting, instead of room service, I went in,and the food was mouth watering delicious, and the wait staff was very hospitable They take great pride in everything, even the wake up call was friendly. My stay was so great, that I want to go back again soon!
HhYtjxj True Pos We booked our room on Priceline, and got a good deal at around $100 per night. We stayed for the first 2 nights of our US trip so didnt use too many of the hotel's facilities The hotel is centrally located, just over the Chicago River from the shops at North Michigan Avenue, and around a mile from Navy Pier Our room was clean and comfortable, and on the 29th floor we had a good view of the city, and could just about see Lake Michigan (though the weather was very bad). The layout of the room is a little peculiar, with the bed facing away from the window, but over all we have no complaints about this hotel, and unlike some other reviews we were not disturbed at all by noise from other guests So, pros and cons: Pros: Helpful and friendly staff Clean and comfortable throughout Spacious rooms Large and airy public areas Starbucks and gift shop in lobby Cons A large hotel, so a long walk from the elevators to the front desk / lobby area 
HkkM2B2 True Neg I stay in Chicago all the time on business and had my first stay at the Chicago Hilton. I pretty much only stay at Hilton properties and have stayed at tons from Hawaii all the way to Budapest. This Hilton is not up to par. It's clean and the front desk staff is nice, but in Chicago, The Drake, Doubletree Guest Suites, and even the Hilton Garden Inn are all superior to the Chicago Hilton (and less expensive). Compared to other Hilton properties in Chicago, the rooms were not as well appointed, the bathrooms in the rooms were smaller and not as nice, the TV was tiny, the hallways on the executive floor were very noisy all night long, and the breakfast you get was more like a Hampton Inn than a 4 star hotel. If you're going to Chicago and you like Hilton brand hotels, you can do far better than this place.
HtAw7lQ True Pos I stayed here for a conference and got the conference rate of $149. I was worried that I wouldn't get a nice room, since it was the weekend before the election and the hotel is across the street from Grant Park, so it could easily have gotten a lot more for the nicer rooms. I requested a quiet room away from elevators and foot traffic, and that is exactly what I was assigned (perhaps because I am also a 'silver' member?). It was a beautiful room with windows on two sides, a king sized bed. The room was quiet, comfortable and immaculate. The maid even left a thank you note for the tip I had left. All the staff were helpful, polite and cheerful. I appreciated the fact that I could actually purchase a breakfast for under $15 (oatmeal, coffee, and juice)--something not possible at a lot of big hotels, like the Hyatt I stayed at last year. 
I1k8yhl Fake Neg My family stayed at this hotel and walking into the Lobby I expected a very good experience. Once I made my way to the counter and was Greeted (Not Really) I knew this may be a bad experience. The Customer Service Person was rude and did not wait on me for a few minutes. Once I got up to the room it looked like someone had just checked out. The High Chair that we requested still had spots of food on it. The Rest Room had water on the counter and very little toilet paper. After we got settled we went down to the dining room for supper and was disappointed in the service and the food quality for the price we paid. Luckily we only had to stay there one day. One day was almost too long.
I4DMhxD True Neg This hotel does not live up to the reviews. The room was larger than I expected. However, the decor was a bit dated. The bedding was ripped, carpet was stained, and the shower door was broken. There was a long wait to the elevators, and if you're on floors 2-6 you need to take a second elevator to get to the roof bar and gym. The main issue I had was the attitude I received from the staff. There was literally only ONE nice person at the front desk. There are no ice machines in this building, so you have to request it from the front desk. One day I requested it by going down to the desk and asking in person. 20 minutes later I made a follow up call because I did not receive my ice. I was nastily told that ice takes 10 minutes and I should just wait. I finally got the ice 10 minutes later. Two days later I requested ice again. Waited 30 minutes and just gave up. While I was leaving, I mentioned this to the woman at the front desk and she just said "I didn't get a call for ice." Well I obviously wasn't making it up, lady! I called and spoke with someone. She didn't even apologize or offer me anything. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel. There are so many hotels in the Chicago area. Choose a different one.
IDcgf4t True Neg I chose this hotel for a nice weekend getaway and was nothing but disappointed. The previous weekend, I stayed at a 2.5 star hotel a few blocks away, and was much more impressed there. The Hard Rock had a number of issues including: very dark room - not much light (artificial or natural); lots of street noise; very cheap decor and furniture; broken cabinet door; very warm room - said they would send maintenance, but they never arrived; had bar charges on account that were not ours. Overall, I was very surprised that this was a 4 star hotel. I expected a much better experience!
IKCJq9S Fake Pos This hotel is amazing, I would recommend everyone to stay at least one night here if they had the chance. I stayed here on my first honeymoon and they had all the accommodations I expected plus more. I was floored by the friendliness of the staff and they definitely went the extra mile to make everything perfect without any hassle. The restaurants at the Fairmont were amazing as well. When staying at this Hotel, food and wine at their best are portrayed. If I had to make the choice to stay here again, the only thing that I would do differently is schedule the stay to be twice as long (it was so relaxing!!). Already booked another stay for next year I enjoyed it so much. 
IQYLAUM Fake Pos Friendly staff, clean building and rooms. The hotel was located nearby everything we were interested in seeing. Staff was willing to help give directions and very knowledgable of city. Rooms were beautifully designed and well lit, spacious and comfortable. 
IU54jOC Fake Neg My wife and I booked a room at the Hilton Chicago three weekends ago, as this is a downtown hotel and a well known brand we knew we were going to have to pay a little more but for that additional price we were expecting to get a quality hotel. We were expecting some minutia of luxury. However, this was not the case with the Hilton Chicago. First, we had reserved a room with a king size bed, but they did not have any available and we were stuck with a queen size bed. Now, we did get a reduced price because of this, but we had made a reservations and expected to be accommodated as we had asked. Second, we had to change our room key twice. The room keys they used supposedly lost their "charge". This is what the front desk told us. So, we had to go up to our room, find out the key didn't work, then come back down stairs get a new key, then get back in. This was highly unprofessional, and they really need to look into their key system. Lastly, we were told at the end of our stay that we had no charges on our room. We knew this was accurate, but I always check just in case. But two weeks later when I checked my credit card an additional two hundred dollars of charges were on my card. I had to call and argue with them for twenty minutes before they took it off my card. Suffice it to say we will not be staying there again.
Ife2hlT True Pos We paid $75 a night through Priceline, which is excellent for June. Our room had a fantastic view of the Hancock Building and the river. The room was large, clean and had a couch, easy chair and desk chair. The bedding was the newer 'non-bedspread' style, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was large and, well, we were pleased with the room and the Hyatt in every way. We ate at the lobby restaurant, which is attractively decorated and was bustling with activity when we were there. We only got Cobb Salads, so I don't know if the food, in general, is good or not. The Cobb was so-so. Our only complaint was the $48 fee to park your car over-night and the $13 daily fee for the internet. Many places are offering free internet these days and I wish the Hyatt would hop on board with this concept. We hated to leave! 
IhP5jhm True Pos I stayed for four nights while attending a conference. The hotel is in a great spot - easy walk to Michigan Ave shopping or Rush St., but just off the busy streets. The room I had was spacious, and very well-appointed. The staff was friendly, and the fitness center, while not huge, was well-equipped and clean. I've stayed at a number of hotels in Chicago, and this one is my favorite. Internet wasn't free, but at $10 for 24 hours is cheaper than most business hotels, and it worked very well. 
Ijetokx Fake Pos I have just returned from my first stay at the remodeled Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and all I can say is fabulous! The modern decor and style hits you the minute you walk in. The front desk is a work of art. I stayed in the anything but standard guestroom. The modern decor, the beautiful artwork, this is the most relaxing hotel room I have ever stayed in. The bathroom is like having your own personal spa, all the marble tile is classic and modern at the same time. The rainfall showerhead is to die for people. If you have the time be sure to check out the fitness center and spa. Great new equipment to work up a sweat and all the pampering a body could ever needs awaits in the spa. I wish I could have stayed longer, next time I will be sure to add a couple of "me" days to my trip and I'm sure I won't even think of going outside those doors.
IjlDPPx True Neg When I called to edit my existing reservation, I was placed on hold for 30 minutes! Finally someone came on the phone and said, "Ill have to transfer you", so I was put on hold for another 5 minutes. When I finally did get to speak to someone, as I was going through my changes, I asked her to send me a revised copy of the reservation to which she huffed and acted very put off. Before she was able to disconnect with me, I said "I have one more question" to which she replied "I'm working at the front desk and I have customers waiting!" I thought, so am I not your customer? pathetic and rude. Hotel better find some better employees for their guests to truly enjoy their stay.
Io1FTdZ True Pos This is a great find for downtown Chicago. The price is right and the staff are excellent. As noted, there is construction going on around the hotel, but I didn't notice any issues that disturbed sleeping. I asked for a quiet room on an upper floor, and was gladly given one. The lobby is small, the atmosphere is that of a small boutique hotel. The concierge, Stephanie did a super job in finding us a restaurant and booking us reservations (along with a complimentary appetizer). We had a standard room, and it was spacious, tastefully decorated--everything we needed. The bathroom had a nice whirlpool tub for soaking--and the MP3 compatible radio was a nice perk. Just can't say enough about how nice the staff are--every single person you meet. Would definitely stay here again. 
Ipo8JJp Fake Neg I was really excited to be visiting Chicago for the first time, and the hotel that was recommended to me was the Conrad Chicago, located on Rush Street. I wanted a hotel that was conveniently located to all the downtown sites, and the Conrad Chicago does not disappoint in that respect. However, everything else about this hotel could be classified as sub-par, ranging from the rudeness of the check-in clerks to the roaches that were freely roaming in my room. This hotel does not deserve to be on anyone's recommended list. My first problem was a rude desk clerk who checked me in. After asking for three forms of identification (most places only ask for a driver's license) and asking me twenty questions about the reason for my trip to Chicago, she reluctantly gave me a room key. I asked if there was a bell cap to help me with my bags and she said if I wanted to wait, one would be able to help in about 15 minutes. I didn't feel like waiting, so I dragged my bags to the room, only to find that the room key did not work! Instead of dragging everything back down, I decided to use my cell phone to call the front desk, only there was no cell phone signal in the hall way. I couldn't believe I was in the middle of downtown Chicago and the hotel did not have a signal! I finally flagged down someone from the housekeeping staff to let me into my room, but I immediately saw there were problems. Two roaches scampered across the carpet and when I went into the bathroom, there were no towels or wash cloths. I went to turn on the TV and it didn't work. One of the lamps was missing a light bulb. I couldn't believe that this was happening to me. I was at the Conrad Chicago, not the Motel Six! I then sat down on the bed and the mattress was soft and lumpy. I was ready to cry. I was spending a lot of money on this hotel and it was a dump. I called down to the front desk and asked for another room, but they refused, saying I had gotten a special rate and it did not allow room changes. I insisted that they give me towels, fix the TV, put a light bulb in the lamp and have someone spray to get rid of the roaches. They agreed, but told me it would take "awhile" because several of their key personnel had called in sick. My stay at the Conrad Chicago was a nightmare from beginning to end. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone
Ir33aPo Fake Neg My husband and I were planning our 1st year wedding anniversary and we wanted to go back and spend it in Chicago where we had first met. After spending several minutes frustratingly navigating The Talbott Hotel's website, I FINALLY was able to complete a reservation for a long weekend. After a long flight into Chicago, we were so ready to check in, shower, and lay down in our hotel room. However, once we arrived the unfriendly clerk behind the counter notified us that we did not have a reservation. I provided her with the confirmation email and she again said there must be a mistake because the room we reserved was already occupied. She begrudgingly found us a new room after what seemed like an hour of waiting. We then carried our own bags up to our room only to immediately be hit with a rancid smell of cigarette smoke as soon as we opened the door. I'm severely allergic to smoke and we ended up getting a refund and locating a much more accommodating and friendly hotel.
IrZ87JF Fake Neg When I went to The James hotel in Chicago I truly expected a luxury experience exactly like what they were advertising. Gorgeous chairs, staff at the desk focusing on their job, and a clean, well decorated hotel room. Much to my, and my wallet's dismay I found quite the opposite. I arrived to the hotel late after my flight was delayed, and found the clerk reading a magazine. It must have been a fascinating article, as it took him a full minute to look up and ask if I had a reservation, or would be making one. I said I had one, and gave him the voucher I'd printed out. He checked it, and said that all the single rooms had already been rented out, he went on to say that I would have to pay extra for a two or three person room if I wished to stay the night. I grudgingly accepted the two person option as the jet lag was setting in and I desperately needed to get some sleep. The clerk offered to walk me to my room, saying I looked tired and trying to navigate the hotel would be much easier after I got some sleep. I accepted, and followed him to my new room. He carried the briefcase I had with me, but it was not apparent why at the time as I had both hands free. He ushered me into my room, setting the briefcase down inside, and said if I needed anything that the phone next to the bed would give me a direct line to room service without having to dial anything. I thanked him and closed the door. It was then that I looked around and fully saw where I was staying. What was supposedly a two person suite was two twin beds 6" apart, covered in ruffled blankets and sheets. The cleaning staff had obviously not been in here recently. A quick look around the other areas and I found the bathroom was out of toilet paper and soap, not even the complementary ones were left behind. I got ready for bed, and looked around for the TV remote, which it turned out, had no batteries in it. Instead, I just turned out the lights and rolled over, sheets and blanket turned inside out to try and find a cleaner option. In the morning I walked down to the lobby and asked to check out. I'd had enough of the hotel after one night. The clerk that morning was a cheerful blond who cheerfully asked me my room number and handed me a bill. $240 for my room, and an extra $80 with a note about a baggage service. I asked her about it, and she said if anyone carried my bags to my room for me it was filed under the baggage service. I asked if it was considered reasonable to charge $80 for carrying a suitcase to a room two floors up, and riding the elevator, and she said it was unusual, but not unheard of. She offered to change it to a "mere" $20 and handed me a slip with a phone number, name, and reason for the disagreement, saying that the manager would handle any complaints between the clerk and I after I signed it. I did so, and left, my wallet $260 lighter, and my head throbbing with a headache from lack of sleep.
J7fyGdO Fake Pos The Hyatt Regency Chicago hotel was a delight to stay at. I've never been to Chicago before, but the location was fantastic. They had all sorts of different rooms, from non-smoking to smoking to hypo-allergenic rooms. I've never seen so many options for rooms. The room I stayed in was well worth the nightly price. The location was so close to all the activities my husband and I had planned for our vacation. We have never been treated so much like royalty than at the Chicago Hyatt Regency.
J9mbFxH True Pos We booked 2 rooms for 2 nights on Hotwire over Labor Day weekend. We arrived at the Hard Rock at around 10:00 a.m., and they were able to give us our rooms early. Hooray! We were on the 5th floor (Beatles theme). The rooms were very comfortable. One of our rooms was on a corner, and had lots of windows. The other was was a bit larger with fewer windows. Not a great view from our side of the hotel, but we didn't pay for a room with a view. The beds and pillows were EXTREMELY comfortable, the bathroom was full of Aveda products, and there was a bathrobe in the closet. The tv/dvd/stereo combo was nice, but we weren't in the room a lot to use it. We were warned by the front desk not to even touch the snacks/drinks as they were weighted and we'd be charged. No problems there. We did not make use of the free fitness center, because the weather was perfect. My husband was able to go for a run through Grant Park along the waterfront instead. He said it was wonderful. We did use the free internet in our rooms. It was 'wired' internet, but my stepdad said that was better for him anyway. The room was a bit dim at night, but we were able to read just fine using the bedside lamps. There was virtually no hall / elevator noise. The location of the Hard Rock is ideal. It is easy to get breakfast at the Corner Bakery, just blocks to either Grant Park, The Art Institute, State Street Shopping, or Michigan Ave. To sum up, there was absolutely NOTHING to complain about. We would be glad to stay here again any time. 
J9xqdM3 True Neg The hotel is very impressive upon entering and the staff was very friendly, however we felt our room was very dated and worn looking. Our air conditioning didn't seem to be working well, but we turned it down and thought that it would eventually... cool off. Our first night was interrupted by a phone call at one A.M. That was a fax, it happened 4 times. By this time we realized that the air was not working again, so after fussing with the controls it did kick on. The next morning I mentioned to the concierge the issues with the phone, but didn't think to mention the issues with the air because it appeared to be working. After being out seeing the sites of Chicago for several hours and being very hot we were looking forward to resting in a cool room before going to a show . Our room was 78 degrees, I called and maintenience did come to check. After determining that the unit needed a motor it was another hour so we did not get to rest in a cool room before going out. I feel an offer should have been made to us by the hotel. Also was very surprised that WiFi was not a free service !! We will not be staying at the Hilton on our next trip to Chicago.
JBET1ca True Pos The Omni is in a fabulous location on Michigan Avenue. Within just blocks are all types of stores, including Saks, Nordstroms, H&M, Filenes Basement, Macys, La Perla, Apple, Bloomingdates.....I could go on and on! The room itself was fabulous. Comfortable, nice big flat screen tvs, nice sized bathroom. They charge for Wi-Fi, but we found if we clicked yes on joining their guest program we could then go from the sign-on screen right to our email without actually completing the registration. We got this hotel for $214/night through Priceline and felt it was a terrific deal! 
JDwyt8l True Neg My two girlfriends and I arrived at the hotel, and found the hard rock had lost our reservation. I had just called three days before and had confirmed the reservation over the phone. The rude woman at the front desk treated us like we were lying. It wasn't until I started to cause a scene in front of the line of people checking in that she finally decided that she would research the issue. Ten minuets later she found our reservation. Our room wasn't ready, we were told that it would be ready at noon; we came back at 3 and were told it was still dirty! Room was very small. The bathroom shower, sink and floor were filthy. Room service trays sit in the hallways all day. The next morning we called down to get towels, they were never brought to the room, we had to drip dry. The only positive experience at the hotel was the concierge Christopher. He knew everything about the city and sent us to the perfect nightclub.
JE0PpDN True Pos My significant other and I recently spent 3 nights at The James and on the last day I said, "I wish we could stay longer". That good! The room was immaculate and a very pleasant surprise from the moment you open the door. Everything is high tech. Plasma TV, CD/Radio, Projection alarm clock (love that so much bought one today). If you wanted room service you got it from David Burke and the mini bar and liquor selection was plentiful. They even have a four legged friend menu. The bathroom was pleasant with bathrobes/slippers and upscale products provided. The bed was the best in a hotel ever. Linens were crip, white and fresh. Maid service twice daily with turn down service. Safe in room, ice delivered, iron, hairdryer all top of the line. The filtered window shades blacked out the light and matched the modern decor. Mid-century style with funky chair/ottman, cubes and a table with nightstands gave us plenty of room and felt like comforts of home. The staff was courteous and accommodating. The library, free internet access, in room wifi were extras we didn't expect . Bar/lounge areas seems to be frequented by locals enjoying cocktails and appetizers in the lobby. Funky artwork. Location, location, location. The best place we've ever stayed not only in Chicago. Highly recommend. 
JIkChWq True Pos We had a king deluxe room for 2 nights. We reserved the room through the hotel website with AAA discount. We paid $180/nt. We enjoy boutique hotels, as they have so much more personality and personal service. This hotel was no exception. Every employee we encountered was pleasant and helpful. The room was clean, well decorated, spacious and quiet. We were offered at check-in a room with a view, but warned it was across from the elevator, so we decided to take the quiet, large room with no view. The location of the hotel was perfect for us, we saw Wicked while in Chicago and had no problem walking to the theater. We also walked the Magnificient Mile and found the location perfect (we like to walk). We had drinks at the hotel restaurant both nights which was a pleasurable experience. We ate room service for breakfast each morning, and the food was good and the portions were quite large. We would definitely stay here again. 
JJac8yJ Fake Neg I was consistently disappointed throughout my stay at the James. I had heard from others that it was "agreeable" and "workable" and "all right," or even "a nice place." I figured that there would be no problems and booked a guestroom for a long weekend visit with my long-distance girlfriend. According to the website, I was about to immerse myself and my date in a bath of cutting-edge contemporary furnishings and "warm tones." Well, when I arrived, I felt like I was in an Ikea showroom just before closing time on a busy day. Everything in the front was just a bit too askew. The staff were busy, distracted, inattentive, and in every way keen to show me I was a bother to them. I handled my own bags far too much to be convinced of their commitment to my comfort. I also thought my room was quite pathetic for its price. It looked distinctly like someone had rolled around on the beds just before I got there. The bathroom fixtures felt a little bit gross and smelled very strongly, inexplicably, of men's cologne. Nobody cared when I complained of this and suggested that maybe it was just "stuck in my nose" and that it would go away. Well, it didn't, and I had a horrible headache by the time my lady arrived. This ruined my entire first evening in Chicago. For my price I could have stayed a week at an economy hotel, gotten my personal items treated for bedbugs, and still saved money. And I would not have been treated like such a pest. Needless to say, I will be looking elsewhere when I go back to Chicago. I may not be a frequent patron of luxury hotels, but I know when I am wasting my money.
JKagquS Fake Neg My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for three nights last month. We were celebrating our anniversary, so we decided to splurge on the Prestige Suite. According to the website, we were to be given either a city or park view, neither of which we had. Instead, our room was overlooking a dirty field with some sparse trees. The woman who checked us into our room was rude and impatient, and the man who helped with our bags was the same. When we got to the room, the beds were unkempt and the floors were in serious need of a vacuuming. The bathroom was dirty and there was dried toothpaste in the sink. My husband requested that we be given another room, preferably a clean one, but the clerk told us that there were no other rooms available. If given the chance, I would not stay at this hotel again, even if I were offered a free night.
JN28Wpf Fake Neg Traveled to this hotel on a family vacation. We chose this hotel because it was pet friendly. Upon arrival we smelled just how pet friendly it was! The dog that greets you attacked my dog. There was constant barking throughout the night and during breakfast, I found hair in my eggs! I would not recommend this hotel!
JQtCSx1 True Neg Booked a room w/ a queen bed for 2 nights for a wonderful NYE, and was rather disappointed. Bed was either the world's smallest queen, or was actually a double, not to mention it was uncomfortably springy. Some of the things in the bathroom had been previously opened and used (q-tips). Lots of noise seemed to carry through the vents as we could hear other rooms rather clearly. When the tv was off, there was a very audible high-pitched humming noise that we could not get rid of unless we unplugged the tv. Hot water was very inconsistent in the shower. It is in a great location, however, next time I will try one of the other hotels in the area like the Intercontinental or Marriott. This might not be too bad if you are passing though quickly on business, but I wouldn't recommend it for a romantic night or two.
JRsukn6 Fake Neg I would never stay here again. For a hotel that calls itself a four-diamond hotel, it cannot even provide the most basic amenities and services. I would have been more comfortable staying in a run-down motel. The bathroom had not been cleaned properly and the sheets were stained.
JSkHGtH True Neg This hotel was chosen for me for a business convention. The lobby was pretty cool. But the rooms were tiny and very dark. I had a huge picture of Kiss above my toilet. It was very hard to do my makeup or read because of the lighting. The location is OK. You have to walk a few blocks to get to the best part of Michigan Ave, but its not too bad. Be prepared for some sad sights after dark. Apparently panhandling is permitted in Chicago ( some cities will give you a ticket for begging) because at night, the beggars come out. The saddest thing i saw was an older woman with her two grandkids sitting on a curb in the freezing snow on a -5 temp night. Those kids looked terrible. Unfortunatly its all up and down the wealthiest part of the city. You don't see so many in the daylight. Also the room service at the Hard Rock is pretty good. Its plenty for 2 people. I would not stay here again though. I suggest the Omni Hotel.
JUocK2t Fake Neg Stay away from the Hyatt Regency Chicago. I recently had to spend the weekend in Chicago on business, and expected this hotel to provide an experience beyond that of some seedy dive in the bad part of town, but alas, I was left disappointed. I arrived in the afternoon, my flight having been delayed, ready to rest for a few hours before starting my evening. Unfortunately, my room was not ready. It should have been ready hours earlier, but perhaps the inclement weather that had delayed my flight had also delayed the hotel staff. In any event, I was advised to wait in the bar, creatively named BIG Bar. They seemed annoyed that I wanted only water, not seeming to understand that it was not by my own choice that I spent time in their hideously noisy establishment--I wanted only to relax in my room. I waited there for over an hour before checking back in at the front desk. Was my room ready yet? 'What room?' they replied. To my astonishment, it seemed that I no longer had a reservation! How this came to pass, I do not know, and the boy behind the desk was certainly unable to enlighten me. I explained that I was simply waiting for my room to be cleaned, or furnished, or renovated, or whatever they were doing to make it ready, but my words were nothing against those of the almighty computer, who spake "Guest Not Found" or some nonsense and who had the final say in such matters. I requested the manager, who was unavailable, presumably because the staff had not yet managed to get him ready either. Finally, I admitted defeat and slunk out from the hotel, with fewer regrets than I would have imagined, to find a better place to spend the night--a park bench surrounded by pimps and thieves would have been more inviting at that point. As it was, I found another hotel, better priced, better staffed, and with rooms ready for my custom. So if you are looking an experience like no other, book a room at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. If you want a place to sleep, look elsewhere.
JV2wAfw True Neg The hotel definitely doesn't match its 4.5 rating. The receptionist was very unhelpful and dishonest, and I don't feel welcome at all. I booked a non-smoking room, but upon arrival, the receptionist told me that there was no non-smoking room left. Of course he was lying. I argued with him for 5 minutes, before he reluctantly gave me a non-smoking room. At checkout, they tried to charge me $40 upgrade fee each day, because I requested a non-smoking room. This was completely ridiculous. I had to go argue with the receptionist again before they agreed to take away the charges. The room was quite small, the TV was broken, so I had to call someone to fix the TV. Then the wireless network banned my IP address, so I had to talk to their tech-support -- the tech support was quite friendly, knowledgeable and helpful -- I guess this was the only bright point of the stay.
Jd9BOlg Fake Neg My wife and I stayed at the Abassador East Hotel in August to attend the Air and Water Show in Chicago. I called ahead to ensure a SW view that would allow us to watch the airshow from our room if the weather did not permit us to watch from one of the nearby beaches. Upon arrival at the hotel, not only was our room on the west side of the hotel it wasn't even a single king as was requested. Apparently the hotel had overbooked king rooms for the event weekend and we were downgraded to a queen room. The room itself was small and underwhelming. The was not dirty, but the linens and furnishings all had a very old and worn feel. The hotel was packed the weekend we visited. The staff was obviously not prepared to cater to such a large crowd. The concierge and reception desks were continuously busy. The hotel restaurant was very slow and had long waits. The main lobby and other common areas throughout the hotel were also undergoing renovations making getting around and fighting crowds of other people even more difficult! Luckly the weather was nice and the airshow was enjoyable. We will not be staying at the Abassador on future trips. Hopefully, current renovations will provide a much needed lift to the hotels current worn down vibe...
Jh5t5JL True Pos took a weekend trip with my wife. got a great rate with valet included, paid a couple extra bucks for the larger room. staff was nice, workout facility was great. room has current decor, but was starting to show some wear. watch the concierge, she suggested a pretty bad restaurant to us. 
Jl6f7Lk True Pos I want to recognize so many people who were exemplary in their service. 1) Sylvia Rollins, Head Concierge. I wanted a fairly last minute reservation at MK restaurant. I spoke with Sylvia on the phone just a few days prior to arrival and within 15 minutes had the desired reservation. 2) Ryan Lettier, Concierge, provided us detailed information on the architectural cruises. Our morning cruise ended up being cancelled by the tour operator and Ryan provided a late check out time to cover us until we could get back to the Monaco. 3) Turndown service was provided as requested and housekeeping in general seemed to be at a high standard 4) Even the bellman went out of their way to ask if we knew how to get the train etc when leaving the hotel. The rooms are tastfully furnished in that whimiscal Hotel Monaco feel. Beds and bedding both very comfortable. The complimentary happy hour and morning coffee/tea service were both very utililzed by the hotel guests. 
JoXeqRG Fake Neg I had originally chosen the Conrad Chicago Hotel for its location near shopping centers that were within walking distance. However, I later learned that I had made a poor choice. Upon arrival, the lobby seemed nice and we checked in with the clerk. Although, when we reached out hotel room, we were dissapointed in finding it to be a one-bedroom suite. My family went back down to demand another room with two queen-size beds. The clerk, after a twenty minute waiting period, was able to find us a suitable room. Upon entering, the room was noticably hot. We turned on the air conditioning, and after waiting for thirty minutes, the room remained muggy and humid. I called the front desk to complain and ask for a repair man or another room. They promised a repairman within ten minutes. 1 hour later I called again and remined them that the repairman hadn't shown up. They once again promised a speedy repair. While waiting, I discovered that our room had no soap and the towels were still damp. I called the front lobby and she said that they were sorry for the inconvenience and that there were some more one the first level, but I had to go get them. After all this trouble, I argued that they should bring it up to me, but in the end, I wound up going to get it myself. After returning to my room and waiting another 30 minutes, the repair man had not shown up. So I called again, and within 5 minutes the repairman came. He managed to fix the air conditioner, but it was about 12am. We were finally able to get some peace and rest well after the room cooled off, but as the night went on, we noticed another problem. The air conditioner began to make wretched screeches and banging sounds. It also emitted a strange odor. Upon checking with the front desk, we demanded another room because it was too late at night to have it repaired. There were not available rooms left, and being so fed up with this hotel's poor service, we promptly left and checked in at a nearby hotel. I don't recommend the Conrad Chicago to anyone who wants to enjoy their time.
JsfY1yZ True Pos My friend and I stayed for just one night, and loved the hotel. It had an awesome water feature in the hotel, and great large bar. Like all Hyatts it had a very comfortable bed, lot's of pillows, and large bathroom. 
JxuBMsh True Pos I recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago and found it to be a fantastic hotel. Staff was always courteous and helpful - from the front desk staff at check-in to wait staff in Aria restaurant, to the maid who cleaned my room. The rooms were recently updated, with large flat-screen TV's, beautiful linens, and exceptional toiletries in each room. My room even had a view of Monroe St. harbor. It is truly a first-rate hotel. Location is south of the river and east of Michigan Ave -- as we normally stay north of the river it seems a little out of the way (if that's possible in downtown Chicago), however its location significantly lowers street noise. The hotel has excellent access to Millennium Park, the Aon center (there is a connecting concourse), and is about 4 blocks from shopping on North Michigan Ave. I ate dinner in Aria and it was fantastic! Room service for breakfast was quite good as well. Overall, I'd stay again in a minute if I had business in the loop, or leisure plans in Millennium or Grant Parks. 
KC4feA8 True Pos Stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for 3 nights in early April 2007. Very convenient location just a block from all of the shopping on the Golden Mile. Good restaurant at the hotel serving a la carte breakfast different from the usual fare and with a nice French twist. Dinner at the restaurant was also good. Prices are reasonable. Room is comfortable, only problem was with a card access door lock that usually required several swipes before opening. Excellent service from the bellmen to the concierge and front desk staff. Would definitely stay here again if visiting Chicago. Concierge recommended a small van tour, which was excellent. However early April is too early to visit Chicago as popular activities such as the boat tour of the architecture of Chicago was not operating yet. 
KKbPcC0 Fake Pos My stay at the Sofitel was great. I loved the location it was in. From the moment I arrived the experince was great, the attendants were helpful and the front desk was too. I thought the room was elegant and very clean as well as comfortable. The room service was excllent and they were very friendly. Checkout was a breeze and I couldnt ask for anything more in a hotel stay. 
KOjTLLt Fake Pos The Omni Chicago Hotel is a very high quality hotel. This hotel is a very comfortal and high tech place to relax. It has everything you could possibly want to relax, workout, and feel luxurious. A must stay at hotel, I give it five stars.
KP67goB True Neg HI HO HI HO, off to Chicago we go. Here's the skinny, if you're hoping to run into a washed up rock star (CeCe Deville for us, and no the teenagers had no idea who he was) you may want to spend your hard earned money here. I took my younger sister and a couple of her friends (teenagers) for an overnighter in Chicago on our way to Wisconsin. I chose the Hard Rock for the ambiance. I mean come on it is supposed to be "COOL". Well it wasn't. The Positives: *It is in the Carbon & Carbide Building, which is beautiful. *The location: it sits in the middle of everything *The lobby has two computers for guest use. *The fitness center is very nice. Cardio machines have individual TV's and there are head phones in case you forgot yours. They have protein bars for those that like them for a post workout snack. *Check-in and out was quick and Valet was very courteous. The Negatives: *The rooms were small and ours wasn't clean (pistachio shells on the floor). The rooms were painted purplish gray (we were on the Prince floor) with a picture of Bob Marley hanging on one of the walls. The girls thought the coolest part about the hotel was the fuzzy throw pillows. *Bathroom had only a shower and not a full tub. *The cable reception was poor; I kept looking for the bunny ears to fix the picture. *It isn't anywhere near the Hard Rock Cafe. *There was very little memorabilia. *There is no pool, and yes I knew this when I made the reservation. To wrap it up, I won't be staying here again. If I am going to drop almost 4 Benjamins on a hotel room, I will stay at the Palmer House Hilton. But that is a whole different review.
KVna47n Fake Neg I had high hopes for the Ambassador East Hotel, I really did. It seemed like a nice enough place with reasonably close beach access. I arrived to the hotel on a Tuesday afternoon. I was immediately surprised by the state of disrepair that the building was in. I could actually see two members of hotel maintenance in the parking lot sitting in their truck, doing nothing. As I walked in, nobody greeted me, and nobody offered to take my bags. The hotel furniture looked quaint and outdated, with a fine covering of dust. I went to the counter to check in and the disinterested girl working barely glanced at my papers and slid me my keys, all while avoiding eye contact and typing on the computer. I got to my room, and despite specifically asking for nonsmoking, there was a distinct smell of cigarettes inside and in the hallway. Having paid extra for an upgraded room, I was extremely disappointed by the condition inside. The drinking glasses were filthy, the towels smelled of mold, and there was actually trash that was left in the bathroom trash can. The television was a basic CRT that looked to be about fifteen years old, and there was no channel guide, though I suppose I didn't need one for the six channels that it had. I had heard good things about the food at the Ambassador East hotel, but alas, there was no respite here. The room service that I ordered took forty minutes to arrive, and my steak was cold and cooked beyond well done. Elsewhere in the hotel things were no better. Everywhere I went, from the pool to the bar, the staff was hasty, rude, and completely uninterested, and nowhere was particularly clean or well decorated. I really wanted to like the Ambassador East Hotel, but unfortunately the best part of my stay was checking out.
KWpSx7l Fake Pos My husband and I went to Chicago for three nights for a quick get-away. We chose Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park because it was located at the heart of the city, downtown Chicago. The hotel itself was very elegant and modern. The bed was extremely comfortable and I was able to wake up with music from my iPod. I would definitely stay with them again.
KZMRwzi Fake Pos We recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park while travelling for business. What an incredible experience! Friends had stayed there years ago, but when we showed them our photos, they couldn't believe the amazing renovations. While we loved the modern decor and style, our main reason for choosing this hotel was because of what they call Fairmont PURE rooms. I have had so many awful allergy attacks while travelling, so I wasn't too optimistic that they could actually make a truly hypoallergenic and allergy-free room. I have to say I felt great during our entire stay. We enjoyed a delicious bottle of wine and incredible cheese and appetizers at Eno. What a treat to get such amazing food and wine without even having to walk out of the hotel. This hotel is truly beautiful, everything you would expect from a high-end, big city hotel. Our stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park didn't disappoint us in any respect. Our only disappointment? We don't have a reason to go back to Chicago anytime soon, but I have a feeling we will be making reservations for another visit in the very near future. 
KbdKP9J Fake Neg For our anniversary this year, my wife and I stayed at the Conrad. We're from the suburbs, so staying at a nice hotel in the city is a big deal for us. It's expensive, so we expect the best for our money. This was most definitely not the best for our money. It wasn't even a good deal either. The problems began right off the bat. When we got to our room, we were both greeted by a musty smell that seemed to hang throughout the entirety of the room. It was like walking into a dusty attic. When I sat down to watch TV, it turns out it wasn't even connected to cable or anything. I kept changing the channel, but it was nothing but static and white noise. I even looked for another remote. After we left our things, we went out for a night in Chicago, but coming back, the smell seemed to have gotten worse. I finally asked the hotel management to come up to our rooms. They moved us to a different room, but they had no explanation for the smell. For a single stay, that was more trouble than it was worth.
KgGwZTr True Neg we love the location and proximity to everything. The staff was very friendly and courteous. They were so nice to our 2.5 year old boy. got his backpack full of goodies the moment we arrived. We got free wifi and morning drinks by signing up for select guest program . Can't beat that! the only minor issue is the elevator. we have to take 2 separate elevator trips to get to our room. It got a little annoying when we were going in and out often. Otherwise, it was a great stay!
KjhRc7l Fake Pos From the moment I stepped into the Ambassador East Hotel, I was very much impressed!! The entire staff was extremely helpful and very pleasant. The bell staff escorted my husband and I right up to our suite. Our suite was beyond belief. The atmosphere was very classy and romantic. My husband previously arranged for a bottle of champagne to be waiting in our room when we arrived. We had traveled to Chicago, from New York, for a romantic weekend get away. We had dinner that night at the hotel restaurant, The Pump House, and were very pleased. Dinner started with soup and a salad, main course meal and dessert, all for a reasonable price. We did a little local shopping the next day, after a very well rested night in their wonderfully comfortable king sized beds. Every interaction with the staff was a postitive experience. We enjoyed our weekend get away and would most definitely return to the Ambassador East Hotel the next time that we are in Chicago, Illinois. 5 stars....
KkOSSsS True Neg Over-hyped and over-priced. The fact that they have a complimentary wine reception every night at 5 doesnt take away from the fact that they have terrible beds and the place isnt as clean as it should be for a 4 star hotel. The hallways smelled like a dog parlor and the carpets in my room look like they hadn't been cleaned...well, ever. The decorative pillows on my bed were so filthy they were actually stained brown and looked like they had been sitting outside for everyone to use and then put back on my bed. The decor of the hotel was nice and eclectic but it wasnt enough to convince me to ever stay here again. The bed was the most uncomfortable thing I have every tried to sleep on. I couldnt sleep the whole week that I stayed there. It was hard and lumpy and the pillows were tiny. my final say is that it is an over priced Holiday Inn.....
Kt4t7Do Fake Neg The Talbott Hotel claims to be Chicago's Premiere Small Luxury Hotel. After staying there and experiencing the service, environment, and the hotel in general, I can say with confidence that this just isn't true. I arrived with rather high expectations due to the claims made by the hotel and some of the reviews posted on their website and I was immediately disappointed. No one came to my car to collect my bags and I was forced to lug them inside myself. The doorman was polite but failed to even open the door for me, leaving me to fend for myself while trying to carry my bags. Once inside, the atmosphere was not what I expected. The lighting was poor, leaving the lobby dark and it looked like a dingy setting with a glossy veneer in an attempt to hide the degenerate state of the building. The carpet looked dirty, as if it hadn't been vacuumed or washed in quite some time, and up in the corners where the walls met the ceilings there was visible water damage. When I arrived at the front desk, I was forced to wait over five minutes until someone came out to help me. After checking in I went up to my room and was once again disappointed. The bed was very uncomfortable and I ran the shower for ten minutes without ever receiving any hot water. That night I ordered room service. The food took 45 minutes to get to my room, and when it finally arrived it was cold. The fitness center had a very small selection of machines which caused long lines while waiting to use them. I would certainly not recommend this hotel to any of my friends, and probably not to my enemies either. Stay away!
Kwdg8Io Fake Pos MY WIFE AND I STAYED HERE LAST WEEKEND. IT WAS OUR HONEYMOON AND IT WAS WONDERFUL. THIS HOTEL WAS SO BEAUTIFUL INSIDE AND OUT. WE WERE MORE THAN PLEASED WITH OUR ROOM AND THE RESTURANT WAS AMAZING. ALL OF THE STAFF HERE WERE VERY NICE AND POLITE. THEY HELPED US WITH ANY OF OUR NEEDS. I WISH I COULD LIVE IN THIS PLACE. ALL TOGETHER IT WAS ONE OF THE BEST WEEKENDS OF OUR LIVES. WE PLAN ON COMING BACK AGAIN. GREAT HOTEL!
Kx08LDm True Pos As others have said, once all the construction works are completed I suspect that the prices this hotel can (legitimately) charge will put it out of our price range. Which will be a pity because it is an excellent hotel, & the location couldn't be better. The room was very spacious, with separate sitting & study areas & a nice bathroom. Only 3 minor points: downstairs they were serving a free basic breakfast (coffee & pastries), but we only knew of it on our last morning - nobody had mentioned this; the cost of internet - $9.99 - is a bit dear especially when lots of motels now offer it free; there was only powered milk in the rooms, which wasn't that nice. But none of these really spolied a really enjoyable stay. 
KyVHR59 Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel for two night, and my visit was nothing short of disappointing. Expecting to have a wonderfully romantic weekend with my fiance, we specifically chose this hotel because we prefer boutique hotels for the extra attention from the staff and unique atmosphere. Our expectations for the Ambassador were not met. The room was small and, frankly, outdated. The bathroom smelled musty. The A/C in the room had two settings: polar cold or off. The walls did nothing to muffle sound from adjacent rooms, and it was loud at night - a good night's sleep was impossible. Staff were indifferent. Do yourself a favor and avoid this hotel. Frankly, it's not worth the steep price and mediocre character. Since there are far better and more accommodating boutique hotels in Chicago, I know I won't be back at this place.
LBpGM6n True Neg We enjoyed the Hotel Monaco. Great location for walking and beautiful rooms. The staff was so friendly and we especially enjoyed the wine reception and getting to meet other guests. Will definitely stay there again!
LEIBYbp Fake Neg We chose the Talbott Hotel primarily for the location, but quickly discovered that the location was the only good thing about it. Although their website did a good job of selling their services and amenities, we found both severely lacking. We had mentioned to the reservationist when booking that this was to be a romantic weekend getaway for us - it was our anniversary. We asked for, and were promised, a king room. However, when we checked in, we were told by the front desk clerk that no king rooms were available. We could either take a double queen room, or pay significantly more for a suite. We took the key for our double queen room and were on our way. Upon arriving on our floor, we found a rowdy group of young girls running up and down the hallway, squealing and playing. It turns out that this hotel offers American Girl visits for the nearby store. It turns out that our romantic getaway room was in the center of a block of rooms reserved for a Girl Scout troop on an American Girl trip! We went back downstairs to request a move to another room, and were told no other double queen rooms were currently available. We explained that we were here for our anniversary, and the ambiance wasn't exactly what we were looking for. The clerk rolled her eyes and told us that she couldn't help us - they didn't have anything else. Sorry. Back upstairs we went. Tired from travel, we decided to order from room service for dinner. Our pasta, when it arrived, was barely warm and mediocre in flavor. We ate it anyway and prepared for bed. After using the bathroom, we discovered that the toilet in our room continued to cycle water after flushing. After jiggling the handle a few times and poking around in the tank, we couldn't get the water to stop running. It took three hours for a maintenance staff member to make their way up to our room to fix the problem. The next morning, after showering, I discovered the hair dryer didn't work properly. After pulling my wet hair back in a clip, we went out for the day. Upon our return, we expected to find our room made up and fresh. It hadn't been touched. We called downstairs to have someone sent up to clean it, but by the time we'd left for dinner, nobody had arrived. Our room wasn't made up that day. That night, the Girl Scouts sat in the hallway giggling and singing until well after 1am. We asked them several times to be quiet, but they didn't want to listen, and their chaperones were nowhere to be seen. We called down to the desk, and they told us "they would take care of it", but the girls continued to have their party in the hallway anyway. Nobody came to shoo them away. The next morning, I turned on the hairdryer, expecting it to work after reporting the difficulty the day before. It didn't! Stuck wearing my clip again, we checked out and made a mental note to select another hotel in the area for our next trip. This hotel had potential, but the staff doesn't care enough about your experience to allow me to recommend it to other travelers.
LHkK0dn Fake Pos Upon entering the Hotel Monaco CHicago, i could see the beauty of a classically elegant building. The old fashioned furnishings, the wonderful view, and the polished wood decorating the entore hotel. At first i had been skeptical, but any doubts i had carried into the hotel were gone. As i entered my room, the fresh flowers and the amazing Chicago view greeted me. During my stay i enjoyed my free time lounging by the pool, winding down every night with a comforting massage. I would recommend this hotel not only for the pure elegance, but for the wonderful customer service and the fantastic amenities. 
LPkSkzE Fake Pos My stay at the James Hotel in Chicago was fantastic! The hotel was clean, modern and everything I had hoped for. The staff was fabulous and went above and beyond all of our expectations. All of our needs were more than met and I will be recommending this hotel to all of our friends and associates.
LQHgpUK True Neg I had purchased this deal of off groupon. Lets just say we found a bunch of hidden treasures. when We layed down to sleep in our bed. We lifted our blanket and found very distubing spotting on our bed (attached in photos), we immediatly called the front desk. The only thing they offered was a new set of sheets. when the room service men came to change the sheets he brought us another one with a big red stain on it and quickly/hid changed it before we seen it and he apologized and offered to bring us new ones once again. we denied since it was so late and just slept on the sheets the appeared to be clean. Then next day i eagerly showed the fronk desk and manager the photos, and they offered me a ($68) refund. I was very dissapointed,and dirty sheets that made us very uncomfortable and sleepless and I broke out on my face with ACNE (i never had a acne or skin issues) im positive something in those dirtyy sheets. We drove 4.5 hours to enjoy Chicago and we stayed @ the hard rock based on reputatuion, and unfortunitly we were very disspointed. it was DISGUSTING! I then wrote a Email to management and HEARD NOTHING BACK. NOT even a response or apology. I just really expected alot more.
LR1T4dN True Pos My stay was quick but awesome. After a long day, seeing a substantial line at check-in was a bit of a groaner, but then i saw the self-serve kiosks. i was checked in with keys in hand in under 3 minutes. in the morning i was able to check out on the TV in my room. the hotel is a beautiful historic landmark with all the amenities of a modern hotel and all the charm of its 1927 origins. The bed was FABULOUSLY comfortable. i wish i could live there. they have many rooms wtih 2 bathrooms. i stayed in a room like that once with a friend and we didn't know ahead of time that we had two bathrooms. talk about squeals of delight. that was about 7 years ago in virginia beach. i was by myself at the hilton and had no need for a room with two bathrooms, but it's the first time i've seen this since. what a great feature! 
LWANjgs Fake Neg I recently had the displeasure of staying at the Conrad Chicago. Although the hotel came with some recommendations from various online websites, my experience was anything but pleasent. First of all, they tell you that check in time is at 3pm. Well I arrived at the hotel at 3:30pm and checked in only to discover that my room was not ready. After waiting for nearly an hour for the room to be ready, I decided to go settle in. The carpets in the room smelled old and musty. Additionally, the bathroom was not in the the cleanest of states and there were numerous noticeable chips, scratches, and dents in the furniture. Although the bed was comfortable, I just couldn't get over the musty smell coming from the carpet. It was very difficult to get the air conditioning to set a comfortable temperature and I did not have a very good nights sleep. All in all, my experience was not the worst I've ever had, but far from anything worth writing home about.
LaBUNjU Fake Pos I was in town to visit my cousin an stayed for three nights at this wonderful hotel. Its so close to the shopping i wanted to do with my cousin , granted i had a personal guide a.k.a. my cousin Janice. The amenities were unbelieveable an the service was great with the upmost hospitality. Would recomend to everyone great for kids an adults. The room and view were spectacular, the beds were very comfy and the room was emaculate.
LaHZES9 True Neg I travel often for business and this hotel ranks very low on my list. The room had such a strong odor of smoke, it gave me a headache (and I used to be a smoker)! The room service was mediocre and extremely expensive. The hotel is disturbingly huge. Very difficult to navigate your way around it. I waited on hold for twenty minutes to ask a concierge where a pharmacy was located. She curtly gave me cross-street names and hung up. Uhhhhh, how do I know which direction to go in??? Stains on the carpet in the room. A big gauge in the wall, where maybe a thermostat once was??? The shower is decent. All in all, for the price they charge, NO THANKS!!! I'm just glad my company is footing the bill.
Le7hfyG True Neg Months prior to my 5-night reservation with the Hilton Chicago I requested a room that allowed in a lot of natural light, facing an open view, not a close building. (The reservation was made through a conference travel agency.) I confirmed my request by telephone a few days in advance directly with the hotel and at check-in the clerk noted it in my record. She told me it would be difficult to find, but consulted a chart and appeared to be satisfied with the room she assigned me. I was very surprised to open the door onto a room on the inside of one of the towers, tucked into a very dark corner, facing a wall of rooms. I called the desk immediately and was told that the hotel was sold out and it was hard to tell what rooms were still available that suited my request, but to "sit tight" and someone would call me. No one did. Further calls yielded similar results. At one point I was told I could have a "parlor room," with a sofa bed, at a reduced rate, but I could not go see the room before committing to moving. That's real hospitality for you. Worried that a bad sofa bed could be worse than rooming in a cave, I ended up staying in the dreadfully dark room. (I had asked for a bright room with one bed and got a dark room with two beds.) The only redeeming feature of the room was that it had 2 bathrooms. Other than that, it was tight quarters with a tiny closet, two uncomfortably low chairs, at the desk and in a (dark) corner. Light fixtures didn't do much to brighten things up. Since I was here at a conference, I really wanted a bright environment to wake up early and start the workday in and to have as a cheerful office for mid-day calls and e-mail, but instead I got a cave. Consequently, I spent as little time as possible in the room and next time I am in Chicago, conference or not, I will absolutely stay at another hotel. There are much better locations that the Hilton Chicago and looking at the percentage of "inside tower" rooms, places with a much better chance of having a bright room as well as better customer service. Shame on the Chicago Hilton.
LjdBSUC True Neg Under the gloss of a nice building, friendly staff, and a wild set of items in the minibar, this is somewhat below-average hotel. In particular, the bed and chairs were some of the least comfortable I ever encountered. After two nights, my wife and I were practically cripped by bed pain. We complained to the staff and were immediately offered the chance to switch to a different room, but the other room was furnished identically. The owners of the Omni need to stop spending money on bath salts for the rooms and invest in the basic comforts. I should not be lying on the floor, trying to unkink my back, thinking longingly of the last Red Roof Inn I visited.
LquTwWi Fake Pos We recently completed our first visit to Chicago and were pleasantly surprised by the Affinia Chicago hotel where we stayed. The hotel has gone to great lengths to offer extra services to their guests, including individual pillow choices, complimentary kits with items designed to enhance the city visit,and fine dining in two on-site restaurants, one of them roof-top with amazing city views. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago.
LurO1Zg Fake Neg The Conrad Chicago is a Michelin rated hotel, so I was expecting great service and wonderful accommodations. Well, only one part of that was correct. The rooms are indeed nicely furnished, but the service was terrible! The concierge was unable to find my room reservation (I reserved online and even had the email confirmation) and wasn't very helpful in getting me a new room. I ordered room service, and the wait time was so long that the food came up cold. I mean, I understand that it would take time to get the food prepared and up to my room, but really? For the price I paid, it was definitely not worth it, and I would never use this hotel again.
M7LuwPI Fake Pos The Hilton in Chicago was awesome. The room was very clean and the hotel staff was very professional. One of the features I liked, was that in my room the internet access was wire and wireless, considering my laptop is not wireless, it help me out alot. Food was very good, quality was great. There was also a flat screen in my room...awesome. The hotel itself is locaated in the middle of alot of resturants with fin dinning. I also enjoyed the gym very much. Overall, I enjoyed myself, and I will stay again at the Hilton when I return to Chicago.
MDNfIug True Neg We had a reservation for 3 rooms with 5 adults and 2 kids, got only 2 rooms on arrival. 2 of the corner rooms with an extra room. During the night it was very cold and we were not able to change the a.c., even though we switched it off, it went on cooling, strange! At night it was very loud from the street. In the morning they uploaded something infront of our window and I stood vertically in the bed, not what you need, if you only spend 1 night in a hotel. We came here a few years ago and had it better in mind. The area is in good walking distance to all famous shopping places, very good. Clean and fancy. Sorry, but next time we`ll be looking for a more quiet hotel in Chicago.
MPrsDeI True Pos We stayed at the Hard Rock for one night to do some intense, day-after-Thanksgiving shopping. It really is a great hotel. The rooms are really cool, and we were just in the basic one. The bed is extremely comfortable, with the softest sheets and great pillows. The technology in the room is great. They have nice upscale tolietries in the bathrooms. For a very modern room, it is still comfortable and homey. The location is perfect for getting wherever you want to go. The staff were very nice and helpful. The bar is really funky with an interesting martini menu. One of the best hotels I have stayed at in Chicago. Really enjoyed it and would highly recommend. 
MUN8iGL Fake Neg While the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago promises upscale accommodations and a unique experience, they fail to deliver. Unless of course, a unique experience includes being kept awake all night by a party in the room next door. If you plan on staying there for a chance to meet your favorite celebrity or musician you will be sorely disappointed. The "A" list celebrities will not be there. In fact, it would be rare to find anyone on the "B" list either. The party that keeps you awake will not be your favorite band practicing for their next concert. The party is being held by the musicians that were not even able to gain work at a local coffee bar. The walls of the rooms are so thin you can hear every wrong note played. As for the promise of Art Deco, it must have changed in definition. Your room will truly look like a concert has just been held. The carpet smelled like it had been shampooed in beer. The bathroom lets just say that clean was not the correct description. Quality service and amenities were severely lacking. Guests are not greeted with warmth but with disdain. Do not bother complaining about the noise next door either. It is part of you unique experience. The only part of the Hard Rock Hotel description that appeared to be accurate was that it is in a great location in Chicago. It was easy to find a real hotel to stay in for the rest your trip.
MZM5TjI Fake Pos The Hotel Monaco Chicago was a great hotel. The rooms were very nice, great customer service. Every member of the staff was extremely nice. I liked that it was pet friendly, and you couldn't even tell they allowed pets. Very clean. Prompt service when requested, and the food was very tasty! An A+ in my book, the prices were very reasonable as well since it is a four star hotel. Very immaculate. Will definitely stay there again the next time I visit Chicago.
MeSISPf True Pos Location, location, location. What a great find! Excellent, well-run, small boutique-type hotel on a tree-lined street near all the action without being in the oppressive crunch of it. Rooms are good-sized and clean; good bed and shower with tub. The air conditioner, as mentioned in other reviews, is noisy, but it's a minor complaint. The staff is simply wonderful and attentive from housecleaning to concierge. The on site restaurant is great. The red-line El is about 3-4 blocks away which makes getting around the city a breeze. You are footsteps away from Rush Street and North Michigan Avenue and Lake Michigan. I would not have a moment's hesitation booking at this hotel again in the future; in fact, I wouldn't book anywhere else. 
MfHrKYz True Neg First let me say, I try not to be too critical, but in some cases the truth is warranted! We checked in and things seemed fine. Location was excellent. Woke up the first morning, to a slightly rumpled bed covered in "stains", I hope-filthy and not 4 star hotel quality. Requested a linen change and heard a knock on the door- a gentleman was there to let me know if I wanted it done to take off the privacy sign, I did and no one even came until later in the day. The room was big enough, had no drawers, suposedly remodeled but carpet didn't reach the wall, toilet paper holder fell off constantly and shower head was broken. The mirrors were great and the water was always hot! The walls were paper thin, I heard every conversation the guests next door had. They were not noisy but you could hear everything including the t.v. through the walls and vents. Internet was $13.00, worked for a bit and then not again, I called customer service and spent 25 minutes on the phone and they asked if they could work on resetting the system and call back later. The hotel did give us a credit for the charges. At this point, enough was enough, we packed our bags and checked out. The front desk was very helpful- kudos to Rocco for caring and being the only friendly staff we saw other than the bell hops!!
MhgCfLo True Neg Will start by saying the employees were wonderful, especially in the restaurant / bar employees, could not have been nicer.....what appeared to be the hotel manager went above and beyond....Unfortunately, that's where it ends! The rooms, in my opinion, appeared different then pictures and were worn and ratty...you know, uninviting sofa and crappy coffee table and desk area... the first room I was given had bright construction lights shining in my room and men working on the next building that were looking directly into my window!!I kid you not; they seemed as if they were about 15-20 ft from my window!! And this was after I specifically had asked for a room that might have a decent view..I was then switched to a room that had virtually no light and was truly, again... just worn out!!!NOT a 4 star hotel, this seemed to be closer to a 2, perhaps being extremely kind 3 star...I travel on business so I know the difference...I merely touched the cabinet door on the bar unit and it literally fell off in my hand! I complained to a very nice woman from housekeeping and to her credit, she made sure the door was fixed ASAP. They gave me a bottle of wine to compensate..which I utilized to dull my senses as to my surroundings for the next 2 days....I wanted to give Omni a shot...big mistake... Unfortunately, brought a friend with me to show her how great Chicago was and I was soooo embarrassed, as I had chosen the hotel...She was extremely disappointed as well...should have gone with my first instinct which was the Conrad!! Lesson learned!
Mi2C6xI Fake Pos The Ambassador East Hotel Hello my current visit to the Ambassador East Hotel. I really enjoy my 3 day weekend stay at this Hotel. This was my first time at the hotel and I reserved a king size suite. Inside my room there was nice view of Chicago's Gold Coast. I really needed to get some work done for my business trip and this room was perfect for the situation. I could easily relax on my king size bed. I watch HBO on a enormous size flat screen TV for free. Also when I did do my work there was nice wooden desk in my room with a desk lamp and wifi modem. It so nice to have my laptop with me and able to use it on a good workstation in my room. After finishing my work I have time to check the complimentary fitness room. Lastly I left the next day, I had one of the finest breakfast dishes from their Pump Room restaurant. Overall the Ambassador East Hotel is a 5 out 5 hotel and really worth the stay. 
MjSZBzn True Pos We had our hotel reservations at another hotel set and after we were reading all of the negative reviews we cancelled and made out reservation at the Hilton - I am so glad we did the hotel was clean, hotel staff was pleasant and helpful and the beds were amazing. We knew we were paying a little more than some other hotels but it was well worth every penny. 
MkrOGVR True Neg They allowed parties to go on all night and booked us in a room with no running water. We called security twice for them to do nothing about the party. When they finally came up about 30 people filed out of that room only to file right back in after about 10 minutes. When we called back nothing was done about it. My 2 year old son was awaken by all the loud music and cursing. THEN we get up the next morning at 7:30 to get ready only to find that we have no running water. After the maintenance man piddles around with it for a half hour we have no time to shower and have to ride the two hour train ride dirty and tired from no sleep. They did not resolve this issue. They just keep passing my complaint to "managers" supposedly. It was the worst stay of my life and my poor two year old had to be there for it
MpmqOqo True Neg This was a refreshing change from the ordinary. I loved the location, the service and the amenities offered by this hotel. The room was charming with a window seat and a water view. The decor was unique but cheerful. Free wireless internet services were a plus here. The staff was helpful and attentive. We loved having goldfish share our room! I would definitely stay here again.
N0nfSi4 True Neg I have been meaning to write a review of the Omni but wasn't sure if people would believe it as most of the reviews are quite high. We stayed here for 5 nights. The room was fine when I walked in. But about five minutes or so I was all congested. Thought it might have been from the flight. I then noticed there was dust everywhere. The TV, the Minibar, and worst of all the air vent. It was literally hanging off the vent. I called down to front desk they said they would send housekeeping up. After 30 minutes of waiting and noticing other things. A bathroom door that wouldn't close, broken light fixtures, a toe or fingernail on the bed. broken bathroom fixtures. This place was a dump. Hopefully the pictures will show some of it. I could go on and on. Almost 90 minutes later the hotel manager came up to look at the room, Both he and head of housekeeping were "shocked" at the room. We were moved to another room, not as large as this one was because the hotel was completely booked, or so I was told. I stayed at the Omni once prior and have to say was very impressed. But this will be the last time. Sad to say. The hotel did cut the rate of our 5 day stay, but doesn't explain how a hotel of this caliber let a room like this pass any inspection.
NH1pfs9 Fake Pos My husband and I decided to plan a romantic get-away for our one year anniversary when we stumbled upon the Talbott Hotel in Chicago. We decided to book the "Personally Yours Romance Package" for our stay. When we arrived at the hotel, the staff was very friendly and approachable. The personalized key cards we received upon check-in were a wonderful touch. Each night, we would return to our suite to find the linens turned down and rose petals scattered across the bed. The personal concierge even helped me plan a special outing for my husband and I to see a Chicago Cubs baseball game. I would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a weekend away.
NNZoaiw True Neg I was initially very excited to be staying at the Ambassador East hotel. The photos online appeared very classy and upscale and I thought staying there would be a pleasant experience. Upon arrival I was very disappointed - the main lobby was closed for construction making it somewhat difficult to get around. Our room was very dated - old furnishings and linens, damaged tile - it fell quite short for the high price we paid. It is an older building with very thin walls allowing you to clearly hear all other guests in surrounding rooms and also the lovely slam of doors of departing guests in the morning. Doorways are extremely narrow in hallways and room - gives a very claustrophobic feel to the hotel.
NRiVEaj Fake Neg My husband and I recently spent 3 nights at the Ambassador East Hotel. We will never stay at this hotel again. For the steep price we paid to stay there, we expected a friendly staff and clean room, which we did not get. First of all, the rooms are not clean. We found a few bugs in our room and the sheets did not look like they have been recently changed. When we reported this information to the hotel staff, they did not do anything to help us out. The staff is very unfriendly. Also, there were no clean towels to use in the bathroom.
NUQ6XYj Fake Neg The hotel was not one of the better ones I stayed at. the room was seemingly nice at first, but after staying there for a few days it seemed like the cleaning staff never came through to clean it. I had the same sheets for a three days before I called and requested they be changed. Also, the walls seem to be paper thin and you can hear what is going on in the adjacent rooms, which interfered with my sleep. I ate at the primehouse in the restaurant also, and asked for a well done steak, and the steak was still pretty pink on the inside and lacked flavor. This is definitely not a hotel I would recommend to anyone.
NadeTQX True Neg I stayed in this hotel during a business trip, and while conducting a business meeting in the hotel bar, a customer grabbed all of the cash out of my wallet. Security was informed, but I was told that I had to wait to talk to them. After about twenty minutes of waiting I was informed that if I did not continue to wait l would never be able to report the incident, despite the fact that I was a hotel guest. Unfortunately I had to go to a business dinner and could no longer wait. Long story short, I no longer felt comfortable in this hotel and wish that someone, anyone would have talked to me about it. I've since been on the phone with a manager, who promised to call me back once she researched the incident, and have yet to hear back, despite the promise that she would call me back two days ago. I expected more from this hotel.
NbiJuCI Fake Pos The Affinia Chicago is a wonderful place to stay, my husband and I stayed there for a week to visit some family and had an amazing time. The rooms were very well organized and comfortable, the staff there are very friendly, and the food there is more then amazing. we are defiantly going back next year.
NeSAhqq Fake Pos How should I start? Well, after staying at the Ambassador East Hotel, i realized it was my favorite hotel ever. The rooms are amazing. The food is great. The Pump room bar is awesome. I love this hotel. If your ever in Chicago, the Ambassador East Hotel is the place to go.
Nqw3boN True Neg Let me first start by saying I have always been pleased with the Conrad hotels and that is why I chose the Conrad Chicago. I was very disappointed in the level of service. 3 phone calls to get maintenance to fix the bathroom sink, unpleasant experience in the Terrace resturant, front desk not aware of room eminities, and a very uncaring MOD! All the Conrad hotels I have stayed at have been 5 STAR but not this one. I have to give it 2 stars!!!:(
NsmPprh True Neg I was very much looking forward to our stay at this hotel, after hearing all the good things about it. Unfortunately, it was a very underwhelming experience, to say the least. But let me begin with the things that I do like about the hotel. First off, it is located my favorite part of Chicago - the leafy, affluent part of town that is Chicago's equivalent of Manhattan's Upper East Side, complete with sidewalks, quiet tree-lined streets, real old-school townhouses (instead of ugly towering monstrosities that are 21st century condominiums), cute boutiques (instead of Gap, Banana Republic and other mainstream mass-produced brands) and, of course, Hermes of Paris (which warrants a separate mention). I also like the small intimate lobby area with old leather couches, cherry colored wooden furnitures, area rugs and distinct artwork. The very reason why I always tend to gravitate toward smaller boutique hotels instead of impersonal chains. I definitely love the room. While the space issue is not as bad in Chicago as it is in Manhattan, getting a 400-sqft guestroom for our weekend getaway is not an easy task. So we were delighted to see that our room comes with generous, ample bathroom, double sink, massive king bed AND still enough space to walk around, do a chicken dance, and strut my Herve and Louboutins in. My only reservation was the lack of natural light - the windows were definitely inadequate to allow sunlight to find its way into our 11th-floor room, but then again Delaware St is not exactly the widest street in town and there are buildings in front of us, so can't have it all! Yet one thing that really disappointed us was the service, or lack thereof. I mean, seriously. They don't call it the 'hospitality' industry for no reason. I did pay a premium to stay in smaller boutique hotels such as this so I do get a service that is a little bit more personalized than the kind that I would be getting from say, a 3000-room Vegas hotel. First, I called in to reconfirm my reservation. The lady on the phone was anything but courteous and competent. First off, she was not able to find my reservation and I was transferred to the front desk staff, to whom I had to explain myself all over again (my pet peeve when it comes to on-the-phone customer service). The person who manned the reception desk was not friendly, nor was he at all competent either. Case in point - he had to send the slip of paper on which I agree to the nightly rate and duration of stay up to the room after we checked in, which clearly indicated that he must have forgotten when we were actually down there. But the real kicker was when we ordered room service after arriving - it was about 1AM. As a general rule, I am never, ever, a big fan of room service, having had my fair share of bad food that they slap 18% gratuity, 10.5% tax (and still expect a tip) on during my days globetrotting on the company's expense account. Think overcooked steaks, lukewarm soup, bread hard enough to knock someone out, and ice-creams that are already half melted by the time it reaches your suite. So I really wasn't expecting hotels as small as Talbott to have a 24-hour room service, but lo and behold, they do. I placed an order of chicken BLT, which (to my initial delight) came in within 20 minutes. Then after the customary of the invoice and the involuntary yet customary tip of $2 on top of the 18% service fee (refer above) I opened the cover only to find something that looked like it was picked up from the garbage bin, microwaved and served on a plate with a bag of Lay's chips (lightly salted flavor). The bread looked like someone stomped on it, the L and T looked like it was 2 days old, the B was unrecognizable, and the chicken was burnt and cold. It was pathetic room service at its finest. We did get the item taken off our bill (rightfully so too) but the front desk person was, instead of apologetic, defiant. The whole thing was just very upsetting and for a hotel as high-end as this to be able to leave such a bad impression within the first hour of arriving, it's quite an accomplishment in and of itself. We won't be coming back, unfortunately.
NuKJf2k True Pos Simply a nice place to stay... I had a great deal for the room, and was impressed with the quality. Hotel staff was very helpful; they were able to let me check out and helped me print boarding passes. Negative: It is frustrating that nowadays you do not have free internet in most hotels and it's the same here; you have to pay for the internet. Negative: Loud on the phone you may hear your neighbors on the phone, or them shower. 
NxzoM9x Fake Neg During my recent trip to Chicago, I stayed at the Ambassador East hotel, which is located in the downtown are. I have to say I was not pleased with my stay there. For one, I had requested that my room have one king sized bed when I called for reservations, however, when I arrived, the hotel lobby clerk said they did not have any king sized beds left and I had to settle with two double sized beds. When I told the clerk that a king sized was promised when i made the reservation, he just shrugged his shoulders. When I got to my room, I found it to be very small. There was supposed to be a small refrigerator in the room. There wasn't, although I did not bother to complain after all it did when they gave me the wrong bed. At night, there seemed to be some sort of convention being held at the hotel. I did not figure what the convention was for, but their attendees liked to stay up until the early morning and made way too much noise. I called the front desk several times complaining about the noise. Each time they assured me they would deal with the noise, but the racket never dissipated and I finally gave up getting any sleep. I did go back to the lobby before my trip ended to complain of the poor service that they have given me, the manager said that she felt sorry for the trouble I had been having at the hotel, but did not offer any refund or consolation for the trouble. When I left the Ambassador East, I vowed that if I ever returned to Chigaco, I would never stay at this place again.
O3EW3gb Fake Pos I was very satisfied after staying at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. The service was excellent, as the staff was very helpful and polite. The beds were very comfortable, and the rooms were very spacious. I will definitely be returning to this hotel.
O63HpWQ Fake Pos We stayed for two nights for a meeting. It is an upscale chain hotel and was very clean. The service was very good, as the hotel front desk employees were kind and knowledgeable. The rooms are decent sized and have soft mattresses. The restaurant has good seafood, but was a bit expensive. We would come back again. 
O8YPNRz Fake Neg I have recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago Hotel and although I have stayed there a variety of times before, for both business and pleasure, my experience this time was particularly poor. From right when I checked in to the day I left I felt like I was constantly around unfriendly people who didn't want to be at work their to do their jobs. My room was dirty the whole time even though the maid came every day, and when I was trying to sleep at night it was so loud in the hallways, I couldn't sleep. For my next visit to Chicago I won't be staying at the Hyatt Regency.
O8Zs4lA Fake Neg What a disappointment this hotel was. First, the checkin desk was understaffed and we had to wait forever to get through the line to check in. When we finally got up to our room, we opened the door and found someone else was already in it! Yes, the front desk clerk actually checked us into an occupied room and basically gave us a key to someone else's room. We went back to the clerk who checked us in (skipping the still present line, which got us annoyed stares from the other people waiting) and told him the problem. However, he was already helping another guest checkin and made us wait until he was done with that person before helping us. He did apologize for the mix up and then went into the back room to find out what to do. This took a *very* long time. It was a good 10-15 minutes until he came back. He said there were no more rooms available of the type we had booked and the only ones they had left were on a lower floor with no view. The hotel offered us a discount off the regular price for these, but when we got to this new room, we found out why these rooms hadn't been taken. The room was overlooking the loading dock at the back of the hotel. We briefly considered just leaving and going to another hotel, but it was late already so we just decided to make do. That was, of course, until the garbage truck came around 6am and made all sorts of noise picking up the dumpsters and dropping them back down. Then somewhere around 7:30am the delivery trucks started showing up making that beep-beep backup sound and all sorts of other noise. So much for a good night's sleep. I suppose I should say the room itself looked nice, but with all the noise from the loading dock, who cares. We gave up and checked out that morning to find another hotel. Definitely not going back here ever again.
OJvplkF Fake Neg I stayed at the Hard Rock hotel in Chicago last year and can say i was not satisfied with my experience. I feel that it didn't live up to what was advertised and the accommodations were sub-par at best. I had the chance to catch a show and the music was too loud and the sound guy's work resembled that of an amateur. My personal rating is 2/5 stars and i would not recommend this hotel to a friend.
OQYgUSO Fake Neg After staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel, I can honestly say that I will take the time to book a room, ahead of time, on my next visit to Chicago. We were thrilled to see how beautiful the hotel was, at first because it seemed like it would be a nice place. The outside of the hotel was pristine, but our room was filthy! We requested a non-smoking room, but it had obviously been smoked in before, as you could still smell the stale smoke in the air. In fact, we were told that the entire hotel was supposed to be non-smoking, but the hallway smelled like cigarettes as well. To top it off, room service brought us the wrong item. When we checked out, we saw that they still tried to chage us for the item, even after we sent it back. I would also have to point out that Michigan Avenue is a bad spot for a hotel that claims to be so high class. Right outside of our hotel were drug dealers and prostitutes. I couldn't even go to the gas station after 8 p.m. because I was too scared to leave the hotel. The pool was closed on our first night there because of some convention that the hotel was holding, thus keeping us from using the hot tub that we were looking forward to. For the price of the room I would say this place was a definite disappointment. I have learned my lesson to check out the room before I agree to stay in it next time. This place gets 1/2 of a star from me.
OU5KpbT True Neg We stayed at this Hotel in February 2010. The room was great we had purchased it at a raffel at work for a fund raiser for United Way. So we probably paid more then we needed but it was for charity. We were woke up at 3:00am in the morning by a group of at least 25 young people that were so loud coming off the elevators and down the hall ways they must of woke everyone up on our floor. Of course one of the rooms they rented was right next to ours. They were so loud shouting profanities and banging on the walls that we thought there was maybe a fight going on. We called the front desk who sent security up immediately. Security tried to get the people that were not registered guests to leave. We called down to the front desk two more times to send security back up again since nothing changed this went on for over an hour until it finally quieted down. Because of this we ended up over sleeping in the morning since we were so exhausted. When we complained about it in the morning managemnet would do nothing for us because as they stated we used a gift certificate. Well we still paid for it!!. They would not give us one thing free for the trouble that we had. We would never stay at this hotel again, obviously they really don't care about their guests.
OZ9W9I6 True Pos Recently returned from a two-night stay at Ambassador East Hotel. Was looking for a comfortable hotel to stay at while visiting family now located in Chicago. Mission was accomplished. If you would like a quiet, comfortable hotel in a great area - this is it. While some of the furnishings show some signs of their age, it does not detract from the elegant style of the rooms and adds to the comfortable and home-like feeling. Found staff to be friendly and helpful. We will be return guests many times in the future for sure. 
Om1Mqhn Fake Pos Although much too overpriced in my opinion, the hotel is spotless. The staff was very courteous. And the spa service ? Was a God send ! In a relatively flexible location for traveling for sight seeing so I didnt spend major bucks trying to get around the city ! LOVE IT ! Going back for my anniversary
Or9f6Yi True Pos The Affinia is virtually the perfect hotel for a visit to Chicago. My wife and I stayed in an upgraded suite. Very large room, that is modern and has all the little touches. The staff was extremely helpful and professional. The location is excellent. The price is a good value for what you get. We simply couldn't find anything to criticize. Highly recommended! 
OyYTBse True Pos I travel a lot for business and quite frankly, my expectations were starting to reach new lows. I usually always choose W Hotels just for the consistency (of average hotels). The Affinia in Chicago has raised my expectations and W Hotels are going to suffer in comparison. This hotel is one of the cleanest I have stayed at in some time. Service was impeccable. Friendly front-desk staff and the extra towels I ordered arrived literally within minutes. The gym has new equipment with plenty of space. And such a fun vibe - without dark hallways and loud music. I have to thank the other reviewers - their reviews led me to the Affinia and I was so pleased. My new "Chicago Hotel". It will even lead me to try the Manhattan hotels. 
P57Mi1f Fake Pos We decided to stay at The James last weekend with our kids. We reserved the "Family Adventurer with Paul Frank". It's a special offer by the hotel to entice visitors to see the local museums and aquarium. We ended up receiving 2 Chicago City Passes, which ultimately paid for themselves and 4 tickets for the Chicago Children's Museum. My kids had a ball. We ended the day with a milk and cookies turn down service and a special pair of pajamas that my daughter adored. All in all, a great weekend where my kids were the focus. The adults certainly weren't forgotten since we had a great breakfast in the room the next morning. 
PLvcjVF True Pos Check-in was fast, the room was perfect, and there were no problems. This is a standard big-city business hotel with every amenity imaginable. I got a very good deal for a one-night stay, but they made the money back from the exorbitant parking rate and the absurd access fee for wireless internet. If you are bored of the routine hotel fare, walk two blocks to Gourmet Pantry (155 N. Michigan) for a refreshing change. 
PUraAEW True Pos Striking architecture is only the beginning of what can only be described as one of the best hotel experiences of my professional life. The attention to detail in the room and the bathroom is remarkable and the bed is the best night's sleep I've ever experienced in a hotel. Gorgeous LCD tv and Bose wave machine added to my enjoyment. Sofitel is worth the extra $'s. 
PUx4pbe Fake Pos I went to Chicago on business last year and I had the pleasure of staying at the luxurious Hyatt Regency Hotel. I opted for the Business Plan, although they have many different room descriptions available to choose from, such as the Allergy Friendly, Monarch Suite, State Suite, all the way up to the Presidential Suite. My suite was a perfect blend of business and comfort, equipped with Wi-Fi, a generous 37 inch television, spacious work area and two queen sized beds you sink into feeling tension ease from your body. I dined at the Stetson's Chop Shop restaurant and the meal was portioned generously and very well prepared. The staff was curtious and accommodating. For breakfast, I opted to have my meal brought to my room where I started my business day over a delicious hot meal and strong, gourmet coffee. I would highly recommend this wonderful haven to anyone planning an overnight Chicago stay.
PZnlppI True Neg The Conrad Hilton recently took over this property from the failed Meridian Hotel. It seems that the Conrad has inherited a hotel property that just doesn't work. The entrance is very difficult to find. There are only two elevators to take you up to the lobby. As a result, there was often a line waiting for them. The same problem affects the guest room elevators located beyond the registration area. If you go in and out of the hotel more than a couple of times during your stay, you will find the poor elevator layout annoying. The King room is what I would consider small compared to other Chicago hotels. Although I like modern design, the room was quite stark and cold. It was also showing quite a bit of wear and tear. The bathroom was the best part. Has anyone from management tried to sit in the chair and work at the desk? It was the most uncomfortable set-up I've experienced. The views are non-existent for most of the rooms. In a city with amazing vistas, this was disappointing. I saw a couple walking the halls with management trying to find a room that was acceptable to them. Room service breakfast was a highlight of our stay. Excellent food and high quality presentation. Sorry I couldn't write a better review. Would I stay here again? No. Chicago has some incredible hotels and this is not one of them.
Pik83uk Fake Pos My stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel was wonderful! I had a last minute business trip, in downtown Chicago, and this is the first place I looked at. I looked at the pictures they show online of the rooms, and the facility itself, and I simply fell in love with the place. The indoor pool, outdoor sun decks, massages, this place really has all you could possibly need, whether you're on vacation, or needing a little stress relieved from a busy week. I mean they even have high speed wireless internet! I would definitely recommend the Omni Chicago Hotel, if you want a great place to stay near Downtown Chicago!
PlokTAK Fake Pos I just got back from the Monaco in Chicago! I was very pleasantly surprised, as my husband booked this trip as a last minute getaway, and he usually picks bad places-haha. Anyway, the moment we got there the doormen greeted us warmly and helped get our luggage situatated. It was busy and the line was a little long, but it moved quickly. The lady at the front desk gave us a high floor when we requested one which was very good, especially since it seemed to be near full. The room was clean and spacious (especially considering it's a city hotel). We made a lot of use of the concierge, since again, it was so last minute we didn't really make any plans. He gave us some tips and also gave us a few places we should go for Chicago pizza yummy! It was also great being near the theater district, and basically in the thick of everything so we saved on cab fare. I thought the coolest thing was they brought you a goldfish in a bowl for your room! very trendy. My husband is not as easily impressed, but he was really excited about the free wine hour and the free drinks in the afternoon. Overall, really nice stay in a four star, or probably four and half star hotel!
PqFlZ4K Fake Neg Affinia hotel in Chicago was one of the most interesting hotels I have ever stayed in. Everything looks very nice and fancy, though the people that work there must be from the projects of Chicago. The customer service was the worst I have ever experienced in my life! When we went to check in, first we had to wait about 15 minutes for the 3 workers that were at the desk to stop their personal conversation and check us in. When the women at the counter finally acknowledged us, she was smacking her gum, and was upset and treating us like we were inconveniencing her! The room service brought us cold eggs for breakfast, and the attitude of the staff overall was extremely rude. I would NEVER go back, and I hope this place gets a staff makeover if they want to stay in business.
PrVoXrJ Fake Pos My recent stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was everything I desired and more for my luxury shopping weekend in Chicago. I loved the contemporary style of the rooms complete with modern conveniences like a 42 inch flat screen television and iPod docking station. I appreciated the walking distance to all of Chicago's premiere shopping areas. The concierge was extremely helpful in booking dinner reservations, while the bellman was excellent at providing me with private car service. The services I received at at mySpa were some of the best in the world. Dinner at aria restaurant was delicious. In short, Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was the perfect luxury vacation, meeting all my needs and more!
Q2CB8cE True Neg When you're standing in a craptastic excuse for a shower buttnaked and cold with soap in your hair because the water from the shower head has gone from a weak spray to a dribble to nothing coming out at all, nothing in the world will ever convince you to stay here again. The worst part is that the hotel knows this is a problem (they told me that it happens to the upper floors, and I wasn't even staying on the highest floor!) as if that makes it ok. I can look past the "rustic" decor of the room and take it for what it is - an inexpensive place to crash, but c'mon, a girl's gotta shower.
QD3uNUs True Pos Just returned from 2 nights at the Ambassador and I have to say that I am very happy that I chose this hotel. It is true that this is an older hotel. But it is well kept and it does not lack in style and grandeur. (think of the hotel from the Shining, minus the elevator of blood and creepy twins.) From the check-in desk to the surprise turn down service from the maids, I was made to feel like royalty. A special acknowledgment goes out to the doormen who helped me with all my tourist questions. Also the location of the hotel is great. Close to all the action, but on a quite residential street with beautiful old mansions. I also got a sweet $89 per night room by booking on travelzoo. That was just an added bonus however. Even if I paid $200 per night, my impression of the Ambassador would not change. Highly, highly recommended. 
QG72j8o Fake Neg What a terrible experience my family and I had at Affinia Chicago! First of all, we reserved a room with 2 queen size beds and received only 1 King size bed with a cot. When we got to the room, we found hair balls on the floor as if a cat had previously stayed there. What an absolute terror Affinia was and I will never be going back!
QHkpUgo True Neg My experiences at the Fairmont Chicago were less than desirable. I try to be fair when I write my reviews, but fair is not in the Fairmont Chicago language. From pulling up to check in I felt the gouging start. $54 a night for parking is terrible for this area $30-$35 is the average and that is not affordable as it is but $54 is just disgusting to put on your guests. The parking was more than my car rental. In the room the internet is not complementary it is $16 for standard and $25 for some sort of ultra upgraded internet service. Gouge gouge gouge, who charges for internet anymore and even worse upgraded services. I didn't go online every day of my 8 day stay because of the cost. One update on the internet that they don't tell you upon check in is that if you sign up for the free premiere Fairmont club you will receive free in room internet service, I found that out on the last day of my stay. Other issues with this property is the shower pressure is not very good. The bed was hard and uncomfortable. And I would say there are many other properties that have a better location and price in the city. On a good note the Aria resturant in the Fairmont has a tremendous staff and serves up the best burger and fries I have ever had, loved the complimentary naan and dips to start, and the complimentary orange bark to finish.
QOKA2v3 True Pos Just got back from a 10 day visit to Chicago. For the rate of $219 per night, it was extremely good value. Reception staff were efficient, courteous and very friendly. I was given a room on the top floor (32nd floor) facing the lake and the John Hancock Tower. The rooms were large and very comfortable. Housekeeping/Turn Down Service were efficient and thorough. Bathroom amenities were very good and replaced daily. This is definitely my first choice for a Hotel in Chicago. It is also very close to all the shops, restaurants and the subway. 
QSzjs9f True Pos Stayed here as a treat to myself while in Chicago recently for a concert. I totally LOVED IT here!! When you called either the Front Desk or Room Service, the phone was answered with "Hallo Mrs (Name)" which was a great personal touch. Vanessa at the front desk, went out her way to help me - storing some things in a safe for me before I could book into my room. My room was wonderful - the bathroom was luxurious. I was on the 30th floor and the views were superb. We ordered room service and it came quickly and the guy was so friendly and nice. The doormen were great too and I wore jeans and a tshirt one day and they still opened the door for me, so no snobbery there. Comfortable, cozy bathrobes were available in the bathroom, the lights went on in the wardrobe (never seen that before!!), tv was HD ready and flat screen. The bed was like sleeping on a cloud - best sleep for a while. Would I stay here again?? Oh yeah!! No problem - just need to save up first!! 
QXGNYwi True Pos We visited for my 40th birthday. We had never been to Chicago so was not sure where to stay. Found the deal on this hotel from Travelzoo. Great rate, staff was awesome, very helpful and nice, location was great. Enjoyed our stay but still like NYC better. Great, great hotel. Would stay again. 
QY5gPuM True Pos Triple A rate with upgrade to view room was less than $200 which also included breakfast vouchers. Had a great view of river, lake, Wrigley Bldg. & Tribune Bldg. Most major restaurants, Shopping, Sightseeing attractions within walking distance. Large room with a very comfortable bed. 
Qb17aHp True Neg We stayed at Hotel Monaco and upgraded to a suite. I was disappointed with the room layout, and shabby furniture. I bumped into the coffee table and the top almost crashed to the ground. The make up mirror in the bathroom didnt work, the TV reception was very poor and overall the room just wasnt worth the $450 we spent there. Next time, we will go back to Trump Tower across the street, which is far superior to Hotel Monaco.
Qd8T1u7 True Neg We chose to stay at a small hotel because we did were looking for a hotel with less crowds. We anticipated we would get better service in a smaller hotel, than some of the other larger high rise hotels. We did not experience very good service at the Talbott Hotel. When we checked Irena seemed very robotic and aloof. The front desk clerks were neither welcoming nor gracious. The lobby is small and the front desk is just a few feet from the front door. Each time we came into the hotel we were never greeted nor even received a smile from the staff, just a blank stare and gaze. The front desk staff was chilly and stiff, no greetings, no smiles and no personality. They had difficulty answering simple questions or requests. On the other hand the bellman Perry was great. He was sociable and very service oriented. He was aware of what is going on in the area. He recognizes the guests and he offered suggestions about things to do in the immediate area, and where to eat in the neighborhood. He is authentic and he even asked us upon our return "how was that restaurant?" Tim the concierge was also supportive. He gave us 10% discount coupons for shopping at the major department stores. We had the largest suite. We requested a rollaway (extra charge) when we made our reservation and we had to ask five different times to have the rollaway bed delivered to our room before it came after 10PM. When the rollaway finally came we had to call back the front desk because they did not deliver a blanket or pillow with the bed. What made our Talbott hotel experience most disappointing was that we may have never received any housekeeping unless we had asked to have our room cleaned. We were out of our room from 8AM and when we returned to our room at 4PM the rooms had not been cleaned. We called the front desk to ask to send someone. The maid rushed to clean our room while we had to shower and change for the evening. The room itself was pleasant. It did have a moldy smell and some Frabreez would have been nice to bring along since the windows do not open much. We were next to a noisy neighbor and the walls were thin. We really liked staying in this area of Chicago but expected first rate service. The service was very weak and unacceptable for this class of hotel.
QenqDls True Pos My wife and I came to spend the weekend in downtown Chicago for shopping and we found this Conrad hotel well located close to everything downtown and of a size that doesn't make you feel lost in the Convention world. We have had this feeling when staying at larger hotels in the past. Our Suite has view on Michigan avenue with a bit of the Lake at the end. Staff was very professional, pleasant and friendly making us feel very comfortable. Internet is free n the rooms and I am making my review from there. 
QgeBD0x True Neg I only stayed at this hotel for one night, the location was great but the elevators drove me crazy. After the first long wait I started to time how long it took from the moment I pushed the button until the elevator arrived, never under 10 min. even late at night. I went up to the rooftop for and after dinner drink with my husband... 1 margarita was $14! I wans't drinking because I'm pregnant so I had a soda water for $4... if I would have known I would have had tap water. Overall... great rooms, OK staff , horrible elevators, overpriced drinks.
QjG15rS True Neg The hotel is in a good location. It is very contemporary in decoration. Beautiful flowers in lobby. The room service was very good. Concierge services were also very good. We were treated well. The shower water pressure was very poor. Also, at checkout our room bill was conveniently not available so they mailed it to us, which we were charged for the 3rd night when our room was actually prepaid. It was courteously taken care of after contacting hotel. Bar was very small and uninviting and there was very poor selection for appetizers/food. read more
Qq2GSEP True Neg After reading the Trip Advisor reviews, I was expecting an exceptional stay. I was not impressed overall. The concierge, the view, and the hotel resturant were the highlights. The bed, although not horrible, was not nearly as comfortable as mine at home, and I do not consider myself and extremely fussy person. I was traveling for business, and although not dressed in formalwear, was also not dressed down, but all in all, it felt a bit pretentious to me. There are better options for the money, and would gladly stay at the Sutton Place, Sheraton Towers, or Trump for the similar price and better stay. I would ask Trip Advisor to move it down in the ratings......not #1 in Chicago, in my book.
R29b8AD Fake Neg The Omni Chicago Hotel was in one word, dreadful. The hotel is in the heart of the city and traffic is chaotic. The service is terrible. If you want to wait for your room for 3 and a half hours this is the place to go! Throughout a whole week, beds are made once and bathrooms are never cleaned. The hotel is no help when looking for a nice place to dine or a fun place to visit, they give no info for any activities going on in Chicago. This hotel should be listed in the top 10 WORST hotels in America. Do not waste your time nor money staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel.
R5Mwhpg True Pos I stayed at the Talbott twice in the last few weeks. I was very pleased with every facet of my stays. The staff, from doormen to front desk, to concierge, to housekeeping, were wonderful. The rooms were nicely sized and clean, and well stocked. I will return to the Talbott anytime! 
RAY6YuD True Neg Thank god I got this hotel through priceline. I can't imagine paying full price for this place. The tub was moldy and dingy. The toilet didn't flush. Their selection of TV channels was limited to say the least. Unless you wanted to pay $5 for a rerun of an NBC show. Oh, and internet? Why that will set you back about $15 for the day. And breakfast? That's about $16 for a cup of coffee, a croissant and two slices of honeydew. This hotel is the pits. The customer service is....absent! When you walk in to the ridiculous lobby (decked out like some bad late 80's prom) there's no one to direct you upstairs to the check in. And once you're there, check in is very fast, i'll grant them that. This hotel is a big, crummy rip-off. I will never stay here (and will steer clear of Hyatts in general I believe).
RBa9Xrz Fake Pos Staying at the Hard Rock Hotel is one of best bets you can ever make while traveling. I stayed at this one the last time I visited Chicago and it was just wonderful. The rooms are amazing and the one I stayed in had a great view of the city. The beds were comfortable and everything was really clean and neat, the Wi-Fi was really fast and always available and I liked the fact that you could get a guitar at the front desk and jam in your own room with a pair of headphones. I didn't have the chance to use the spa, but I could tell it was really nice and relaxing. I did go to the Base Bar a couple times for a drink, very cool atmosphere and great drinks to choose from. The Rock shop was pretty cool too and I bought a bunch of shirts to bring back home to family and friends. Overall I think this is one of the coolest hotels you could stay in, the experience is definitely different than any other hotel I've stayed in.
RGaEugK Fake Neg Recently staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel, was a waste of money. The rooms are typical standard rooms,(unless you want to pay an unreasonable amount for one of the premier rooms), the service from the staff was nothing to rave about unless, your ideal, idea of service is waiting in the lobby for 40 minutes waiting for anybody to help you carry your heavy luggage up to your room. Sorry to say in short I think my money would have been better spent staying at a HoJo's.
RJMh6U2 Fake Pos The Hyatt Regency Chicago is one of the most beautiful hotels that I have ever stayed at. I stayed there for 3 days and two nights. My room had an amazing view and was clean and furnished beautifully. The staff was very kind and very helpful. The concierge staff was kind and helped me to find enjoyable things to do in Chicago. Overall, A beautiful hotel in a beautiful city.
RKvgllZ True Neg Stayed at the Fitzpatrick before, about 4 years ago, it was ok. The management was great, staff was so kind, and rooms were clean. ** But this time I promised my self NEVER to go back!! The new staff was so rude!! I made a reservation for my Anniversary on the internet, and the day of check in I was told by the hotel staff that they do not have my reservation!** 1) I was transferred around back and forth from the hotel staff to the reservations hotline. 2) Staff was extremely rude! Not arrogant, but rude! Like they hated thier job. 3) They offered check in at 1pm but the room wasn't ready till 3pm! 4) There were stains everywhere! 5) Because of the high sales of rooms due to popularity on this site, they must have hired a cheap unfriendly staff.
RM0V9PD Fake Neg The Sofitel Chicago Water Tower, while seemingly a good idea in theory, has many drawbacks. At first glance, it appears quite luxurious and grand, but some of its shortcomings cannot be overlooked. The hotel is quite tall, coming in at 32 stories, and the noise from adjoining floors and rooms is sometimes quite annoying. The staff members do little to try to ameliorate the situation for the dissatisfied guest, so it seems as if your pleas for help go unnoticed. The hotel tries to adopt a French flavor, but its efforts fall short. The only real French influences are found in the names of restaurants and bars. The hotel is conveniently located in the heart of the city, but this location also adds to the less-than-cozy feel of the establishment. The same complaint about the guest rooms and noise applies to the hotel in general. The city's traffic and noise both detract from the ability to fully enjoy one's stay here. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel. Make a different choice.
RMvk06x True Neg I just returned from a 2 night stay at the hotel. I had requested a high floor, quiet room. Neither request was honored. The windows are not well insulated, because the traffic, car horns and sirens continued all night long. On the first night two drunk parties woke us up in the hallway. The safe in our room did not work. Someone had locked it before our arrival. One of the pictures under the tv had been removed, leaving a screw sticking out of the wall. The lights are so dim, that is next to impossible to read. A small alcove with a stained bench had a "reading light" that was about 50 watts. Our room key cards didn't work, so we returned to the lobby where they recoded them. Upon returning to our room, they didn't work again and we stood there trying over and over again until finally we succeeded with no help from the staff. The bathroom is small and has no fan, so the steam covers the mirrors, and unless you leave the bathroom door open, it does not clear. On Friday night one small cookie was left in our room. What about a second guest. Are we supposed to split a 2 inch diameter cookie???!!!! On Sunday the phone rang with a 7 am wakeup call. We had not requested to be woken up!!!! The concierge did not know the way to get to O'Hare by train, and gave us a longer route than was necessary. I have stayed in much better hotels in Chicago...quieter and more spacious, more elegant and worth the money. This is definitely not worth $400 a month. (By the way, I live in Washington, DC and am used to city noise. This was unacceptable!)
ROJG6Wq Fake Neg I wish to express my dissatisfaction with my stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. My husband and I had planned a trip to Chicago for our tenth wedding anniversary. We had gone to great expense to fly his parents in from California so they could have time with their grandchildren. My husband and I had not gone on a honeymoon because he we got deployed to Iraq the week after we got married. Everyone was so excited! Mark and I had reservations for one of the junior suites. We hadn't gone to Chicago before to be tourists and were looking forward to the view which was offered. Unfortunately, when we got to our room, the view was disappointing. We had requested a non-smoking room and were assigned to one, but it was obvious to us that someone had smoked in there. I am asthmatic and became very ill. We asked to be moved to another room, but were told there were no other rooms (even downgrades) available. Nothing was done to try to make up for this. Because of my health, my husband and I checked out within hours of arriving for our romantic anniversary weekend. This is not how I had imagined spending such a special time. Now, when I think of my 10th anniversary, I will always have this memory to tarnish it.
RQ27HWw Fake Pos THIS HOTEL IS FANTASTIC. I stayed there on my way through Chicago towards Arizona, and could not believe the great quality of the hotel. I'd have thought I was in a Vegas suite. Really polite staff, great housekeeping, and amazing prices. On my way out, I was telling the manager about how much I'd loved the hotel, and he even offered me an extra night there! You can safely say that my trip was delayed roughly 24 hours.
RSBsHeB Fake Pos We chose to stay at the Hilton Chicago because it was in such a centralized location- everything that our family wanted to do in town was located so close! What I didn't expect was for the beds to be so comfortable. I can't remember when I got a better night's sleep. The staff was very friendly and the hotel grounds were impeccably kept. We'll be returning to the Hilton Chicago the next time we're in town!
RWGWAxh True Neg I gave the Conrad a second try at impressing me and it failed miserably. The hotel will not honor room requests. I expressed this was for a special occasion and would love a room with a view on my reservation. I got there and my 'view' was of the adjacent office building windows. I didn't pay nearly $400 a night for that. I called down and the manager was absolutely rude. "That would've required you to pay at least $40 more.." Rude. Lots and lots of mistakes happened. Requested pillows were never sent up, the television sound was not functioning (i.e. NO sound), when telling the manager of the problems he was horribly condescending and cared very little. I've had better service at a Hampon Inn! When they screwed up our breakfast vouchers I had to physically go down and question it.. they said "we will send them right up".. No, that never happened. Absolutely ridiculous. The bathroom has always been nice, and the room had been renovated since I was there last year (thank the lord!)... It had a nice ambiance to it. The bed was quite nice as well. The valet guys were fantastic, probably the nicest men within that entire hotel. Also the bellman, and housekeepers were wonderfully sweet and always said "hi" or "hope you have a wonderful day".. I appreciated that. Perhaps the management team needs to go back to training school to learn about customer service. Breakfast at the Conrad restaurant is to be avoided completely. The service was abysmally inept, and not to mention slow. We had two different watresses and it took upward of 15 minutes just to get our juice. They looked like they hated their jobs, and treated us with the same attitude. We were never checked on after the food came. The food is overpriced and the quality is severely lacking. I got a continental breakfast and it included a muffin (burnt), a small croissant, and a tiny cinnamon roll. 14 dollars for that. Laughable. Or if you choose, for 14 dollars you can get some toast and juice! Spare yourself and choose to eat elsewhere where you can get an actual tasty meal for your money. Overall, the managers need to learn what customer service means, and how to bend over backwards for a customer. Otherwise your business will crumble. And the Conrad has crumbled for me. I spent way too much money on terrible service. I've already sent my opinions to Hilton headquarters. I'll be looking at other hotels the next time im in Chicago.
Rfz6oI3 True Neg The room was very spacious with very nice, colorful decorating. The beds felt like lying on a cloud, and there were four pillows on each bed, two fiberfill and two down so you could choose which you like better. The bathroom was very nice also. Overall, I was very pleased with the stay. You had to show your room key to get in after ten p.m. I thought that was a good security issue. It has a great location too, close to downtown. I would recommend it. The decorations were very classy. Most hotels have two of the same framed art, boring bedspreads and lumpy pillows. The Hyatt Regency was just the opposite.
Rnk1efF Fake Neg Did not enjoy my stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. Firstly, the man at the front desk was extremely unhelpful. There was a problem with the reservation and he gave me and my family a lot of hassle. Secondly when we finally got the reservation sorted out, the air conditioning unit in our room would not go below 75 degrees. Considering I paid well over $250 per night for the Romance package reservation, it was below my standards and I will not be heading back to the Omni Chicago Hotel any time soon.
S0nQTTr True Neg My daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool, one white phone and one emergency red phone, to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back.
S1e0aGb Fake Neg After booking a room over two months in advance at the Hotel Sofitel Chicago Watertower and confirming my reservation twice, I arrived to find that the front desk staff had 'no record' of my reservation and that the only rooms available were much more expensive than the room that I had reserved. When I asked to speak to a manager, it took almost half an hour for him to turn up. He did finally give me a room at the rate that I had been promised, but did not offer any compensatory discount or bonuses for my inconvenience. The room itself smelled of dog but was otherwise okay. Not worth the rate though. The website really makes this hotel seem upscale, clean, and well decorated, but the rooms are not in the style that you would expect from the lobby. The staff's response to my request to move to another room because of the obvious dog smell (which could only mean it hadn't been cleaned properly) was met with contempt. They did move me, but I did not get an apology. Will not stay again.
S5ILHFH Fake Neg Affinia Chicago is one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed at. Not in my life have I been treated so poorly as a guest. The front desk was very unaccommodating when I asked for a smoke free room when they had made an error in my reservation. There was no bellhop available for some strange reason so I had to move all my luggage to the elevator and down a long hallway to my room by myself. If it wasn't already a bad stay, I ordered room service and it took over an hour and a half to be delivered. If they didn't have air conditioning in the room, I would say just about everything about this stay was completely miserable. If you are traveling to Chicago for any kind of business, I hope you decide not to choose this hotel. I was quite surprised, I like Chicago as a city but this stay definitely made my trip quite a negative experience.
S6g3r0q Fake Pos The Hyatt Regency Chicago is a wonderful hotel. :) Me and my husband recently stayed there on a summer vacation, and it couldn't have been better! The staff was very polite and helpful, and the rooms were very clean, and they had some of the best beds I've ever slept on! Not to mention the view was amazing! If I had to rate this hotel I'd definitely give it five star, next time I'm in town I will most definitely stay there again!
S8y8UUg True Neg I can easily say this is one of the worst hotels I've stayed at the. The receptionist up front was a snooty, sarcastic teenager or post teenager. You can get better service from a waiter or waitress at a diner. The room was dirty, stains on the carpet, the showerhead was moldy and rusted, the doors of the bathroom and main door all had dents and scratches. The towels had a horrible aroma. The hotel is very narrow, so we were near a construction zone so, I would plan on waking up at 6:am if you choose the Talbott. The next day, I asked for another room and the concierge who was a decent guy moved us to a larger more comfortable room. That room though was right by the elevator and it was torture hearing the sounds of the elevator which just would never stop. I asked for late checkout at 1pm and the receptionist refused stating that we would be charged for a half day, if were not out by noon. I had to speak to the manager who gave us till 1pm. Please stay away from this hotel, I think a Holiday Inn would be better. Andrew F. Gulli
SBEluxu True Pos I loved the Ambassador! What a great hotel. It's really beautiful, and the room was absolutely striking, very classic and elegant. Everything was done really well: the staff treated me like a regular. This is a top-notch hotel, the best place I've stayed in a long time. My only complaint is that I wish it was on the Mile, but that's it. 
SC6cPrf True Pos Stayed here for 4 nights in Apri. From check in the stay was perfect all round, staff were so helpfuly and friendly especially Chris and Scott. The location couldn't be better right on Michigan Avenue so easy access to everything. Room was lovely and spacious and always clean and tidy at the end of the day. Will definately recommend it to friends and family. 
SHfAmwo Fake Pos I enjoyed my stay at the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago. The staff was friendly and helpful from the time I checked in all the way through checkout. The hotel was very clean and well maintained. The beds were very comfortable! The hotel restaurant/lounge was very cozy and a nice way to unwind after a long day. The only thing I was unhappy about was the fact that internet service is not complimentary at this hotel. I reccomend this hotel and I will stay there again on my next trip to Chicago!
SKr4dP8 Fake Pos The magnificent mile in Chicago is a great place to visit, and staying at the Affinia Chicago just made it that much better! The location is awesome - all of the great shopping spots were just moments away, and getting to Navy Pier was a cinch! And the accommodations themselves were wonderful! The hotel lets you completely customize your stay, all the way down to choosing your own pillow! Very impressed overall!
SM3FCwp Fake Pos As I walked into the hotel I was greeted warm heartedly. They took my information from me in an efficient manner and got me to my room quickly. I was very pleased to see that my bed was laid out perfectly and that there was plenty of towels in the bathroom. Also, I was happy to see that the shampoo and soap provided was sufficient. Overall, I was very happy with my stay at this hotel. 
SRRciYZ Fake Pos I really loved my stay at the Talbott. My room was amazing! The bathroom (and I am VERY picky about hotel bathrooms) had ample room for all of my stuff, which is a bonus for me. The staff treated me really well and they were very friendly. I was afraid that I'd get a little lost, since it was my first trip to Chicago, but the staff helped me navigate to the downtown area (Rush St./Michigan Ave.-- which are *very* close by). The hotel reminded me of those I'd stayed at in Europe. The room service is 24 hours, which for me, was a bonus because I am up mostly during the nights. This is the *only* place I will ever stay if I visit Chicago again. For a single woman traveling alone to a strange city, this hotel made me feel very safe and comfortable.
SRfFOOS Fake Neg My experience at the Ambassador East Hotel was truly terrible. I went to Chicago with my husband and children to attend a wedding. This hotel was recommended by the wedding party. It was a terrible choice. Despite the special discount we got because of the wedding, the hotel turned out to be very expensive compared to other nearby hotels. The staff and amenities were also very unfriendly to children. My kids were absolutely terrified of several members of the staff who scowled at them and yelled at them for no reason. The place was also very formal and stiff and decorated with a lot of breakable and expensive items. My son narrowly avoided breaking a vase when an ill tempered bellhop nearly ran him down with a luggage cart. Overall, I would say I was very displeased with the staff, the hotel's attitude towards children, and the expense of the hotel. On the plus side, our window had an excellent view of the city. Still, I would not return here again.
SVtR3xZ Fake Pos This hotel is absolutely amazing. I have paid to stay in Hotels that cost an arm and a leg only to get crappy service in return. However, here it's comfortable, friendly, and a vacation. In fact, all vacations start with your lodging, and how can you have a good vacation with poor lodging? The beds are comfortable, clean, and upscale, while still being homey enough to be relaxed. The services and staff are tops, and the view from the rooms is absolutely gorgeous! And I must commend the cleanliness! Nice place to stay, and worth every penny! Will definitely be coming back! 
SWMfASm Fake Pos Just what I needed at James: I can't tell you how impressed I was with my stay at the James Chicago Hotel. I came into town for a week long business conference and was referred to the James by a friend. The crisp, clean, contemporary ambiance made me feel like I was on a relaxed vacation rather than work. It was luxury without being over the top. My room was clean, comfortable and was above all standards comfortable. In my down time I enjoyed a relaxing massage at the spa and happy hour at the "JBar", and I highly recommend dinner at the "David Burke Primehouse" The customer service from all the staff members, from front desk, to house keeping to the bartender was excellent. I plan on returning on my spring vist and look forward to another phenomenal experience. 
SayX4Cf True Neg After checking out of the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower the other day, I left the hotel, crossed the street and started to walk EB on Chestnut while looking for a cab. I was still within sight of a Sofitel doorman when I sighted a cab approximately one block away and attempted to hail same. After doing so, I immediately heard a Sofitel doorman yelling for me to stop and then heard the sound of his whistle. As the cab slowed to pick me up, the doorman continued to yell at me and blow his whistle as he started to run in my direction. When the cab stopped, I quickly entered cab and locked the door for fear of being physically attacked by the Sofitel doorman. After locking the door, the doorman attempted to open the door as he continued to accost me from outside of the cab. After claiming that he had hotel customers waiting for cabs, he suggested that I had no right to hail a cab in the vicinity of the hotel and then called me a "jerk" before allowing the cab driver to depart to my destination. Consequently, unless you enjoy being accosted by hotel doormen, please don't attempt to hail a cab anywhere near the hotel under any circumstances without first securing the permission of a doorman. Lastly, as for the rest of my stay, you will enjoy this hotel if you seek a highly pretentious staff who prefer to speak to guests in French instead of English. While I have nothing against the French or French language, I much prefer communicating in English when visiting one of the best cities in the best country in the world. Viva la USA!
SohWv9m True Neg I had my wedding ceremony and reception at the Sofitel. It seems as though I had the same experience as "Judy L." I read her review and thought "that's exactly what happened to me!" Here's what happened: The good news: The actual event was great. Most notably, the food was absolutely incredible; I think almost every one of our guests has raved to us about the food. The same goes for the cake, which was made by Take the Cake. The service by the waiters and other staff was also very good. The bad news: Michelle, the Director of Catering, honestly made my wedding planning process a nightmare. While we were negotiating the contract, she promptly responded to my emails and phone calls; after the contract was signed, it was a constant struggle to get in touch with her to get my questions answered, to schedule the tasting, etc. She frequently took over a week to respond to a simple email, and she occasionally never returned my email or phone call until I called her a second or third time. I assumed things would get better within the month--or even the week--prior to my wedding, but they actually got even worse. Michelle just could not get it together, and if it weren't for my wedding coordinator's assistance in forcing her to finally get things right, I don't know what would have happened. Thus, if it weren't for Michelle's inability to do her job, I would have had a great experience. But, as it is, when I think back about my experience with the Sofitel, I unfortunately have very negative thoughts. And that's incredibly disappointing, considering it was a major part of the best night of my life.
SqDvOAH Fake Pos After searching for the perfect hotel for my Chicago getaway I knew once I came across the Hard Rock Hotel, that this was the hotel for me. After seeing the exceptional accommodations the hotel offered, I booked my reservations right away. When I arrived at the hotel I was astonished at how beautiful and big the building and grounds were kept. I was greeted warmly by the front staff and received my room key within a few minutes. I was also given helpful pointers to nearby attractions and restaurants. I took the elevator up to my room, and when I opened the door my jaw dropped as the views of the Chicago skyline was impeccable. After relaxing I went down to the bar for a few cocktails and was impressed by the fast, courteous service I received. After my cocktail hour, I decided to unwind and let me tell you the beds must be sent from heaven. I had one of the best nights of sleep I have had in a long time. I highly recommend the Hard Rock as I have stayed at many around the US and this is definitely on my top 5 list. Hope you all enjoy it as much as I did, and I can't wait to return. Ashley B.
SrwRMoF Fake Neg The Ambassador East Hotel is a pretty girl with a bad heart. As i was staying for a few nights I notied may problems with the service of this expensive,cold hotel.First the room sevice was poorly helpful, the bag boy insisted on a tip, and also droped my bag. The chefs cooking was terriable,the steak that I spent 35 dollars on was suppost to be rare, but came to me burnt. The room was not what you pay for, the beds were like a sack of rocks. And to top it off the covers smelled like smoke. I will never give the Ambassador East Hotel another chance.
SxqXqhy True Pos My company booked our group for a Conference and Sales Meeting. The service was friendly, helpful and the property was beautiful. The hotel was clean and filled with history. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and the rate was reasonable as well. 
T0lvOJW True Pos Just back from 5 night stay at Omni and would thoroughly recommend it. Staff bent over backwards to assist in anything, no matter how minute. Great location on magnificent mile and lots to do there both for adults and my 10yo daughter. If i had to find a fault it would be the extra charges, taxes etc for room service, bar and restaurant, but where is cheap these days? Would definitely recommend it, especially for families. 
T1jnLJo True Pos The Hard Rock hotel is great for a relaxing getaway. The rooms are quiet, the bed is comfortable and the bathroom is a nice size. We had fabulous service and got a great rate. Other than the fact that there were no bathrobes (it's listed as an amenity) and the Sony radio didn't work, it was perfect. Would definitely stay there again! 
T5b9FyJ Fake Pos Me and my husband got married here. We loved the atmosphere of our suite. It felt like home away from home. They have a nice pool. The rooms were clean and the staff was courteous. Thanks so much for doing such a great job with our wedding. Amy C. of Los Angelas, California
T8Oeefh True Pos At the last minute, my son and I decided to take a quick trip to Chicago to see the Cubs. After checking Priceline I decided to book the Omni because of the great price for airfare and hotel. We arrived at the hotel around noon and our room was ready(I had called ahead and requested early arrival).The front desk treated us like we were there best customers-very friendly and accomodating. The room was wonderful with all the modern conviences you would expect in an upscale hotel. The room was spotless and the bed was VERY comfortable. There was not one sign of bed bugs as mentioned in a previous review-maybe those bed bugs were from their luggage and were transferred into their room!!!We then went to the hotel restaurant and had lunch. Our service was great as was the food. We also tried several restaurants around the Omni-all within walking distance. The service, cleanliness and location of the Omni were incredible. We will definitely go back. 
T94AjTB True Neg Move beyond the rock theme and it's an average hotel with a good location. Room was unbearably hot and the controls on the wall did nothing. Thank goodness the window opened or we'd have been cooked alive. That of course let in all the noise from Michigan Ave. This combined with our neighbors door slamming against their thrown door lock every 30 seconds made for a lively setting. Room was stuffy too. Burn marks on carpet lead me to believe nasty smokers had occupied room on many occasions. Wife happy w/ Aveda in bath. Base bar was good with great service and well made drinks tho pricey.
TB08hTZ True Pos Arrived on 06/04/05, greeted by friendly doorman, and zipped up to the 5th Floor Lobby. Very open lobby area with friendly reception staff. Room was on the 12th Floor and very nice. Everything was in order and very clean! The king size bed was nice and each night I had a restful sleep. Bathroom was large with separate glass shower stall. The room was furnished with everything I needed including internet hook-up access. Also, you can walk thru on the 5th Fl to the Westfield North Bridge Shopping Mall, where you will enjoy Nordstrom and other stores. Of course, you're steps from Michigan Ave. too. The central location of the hotel was great, as I could walk to most places. The CTA Subway stop (Grand Ave. on Red Line) was an easy 2 block walk. I will stay here again on my next trip to Chicago! 
TDfjvNH True Pos We travel to Chicago regularly and have always wanted to stay at the Hilton Chicago. We booked a PriceLine room on the weekend of the half marathon. The place was busy, but the staff certainly found time for each individual guest. The room was nice and just what we expected. The pool area is also very nice for a downtown hotel. The location was great as we were taking in the Bears 49ers game on a Thursday night and a Sox game on a Friiday night. We would certainly stay there again and would recomment it to others. Great quality even at the regular room price. 
TFzlPeh Fake Neg Overpriced is the best word to describe the Conrad Chicago hotel. While it may be in downtown Chicago, the room had no view. Although I asked for non-smoking, the room reeked of smoke. The elevators were very slow, and one was not working during my stay. There was a stain on the pillow, and the leg of one of the chairs in the room was broken. There was a dead bug in the bath tub. I was only given 2 towels for my 4 night stay. My credit card was billed twice, and it took 2 weeks to reverse to extra charge. I do not recommend this hotel at all!
TQoSetk Fake Pos Recently, I traveled to Chicago for a business conference and was lucky enough to stay at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. The whole experience was wonderful! The room was spacious and beautiful, and the bed was so comfortable that I had no problem falling asleep, as I normally do at other hotels. The staff were polite and courteous, and after a delicious breakfast in the restaurant, I went to my conference with a smile on my face.
TRQG3vJ True Pos went to chicago for a week in may, decided to be good to ourselves and stay in the hilton, we were not disapointed. perhaps it was becuse there were quite a few conventions going on and a lot of people were only staying 1 or 2 nights but we got upgraged to exceutive level. we had 2 double beds with a bathroom each. they beds and pillows were too die for, so so comfy ant the end of a day when we seemed to have walked for miles. all the staff were very helpful. a lot of guests seemed to ignore the staff especially the chamber maids who they seemed to think they were in their way so perhaps that why some people felt these people were rude or unhelpful. about 2 blocks away on Harrison is a cafe called "Orange" which you have to make the only place you will have breakfast, the cafe and the staff are suberb. expect a 15 min wait on a sat & sun morning. 
TVJVdmw Fake Pos The Omni Chicago Hotel I am a business woman who travels a great deal out of a month, therefore, my accommodations must meet the highest standards. I was booked for a stay at The Omni Chicago Hotel, located in what is referred to as ' The Magnificent Mile ' in the greater Chicago area. ' Magnificent ', it was! The beautifully red-bricked sky scraper was indeed a breath- taking sight and upon entrance, I had a felling of warmth from the very hospitable welcoming staff. I was impressed with the hotels special rates offered during prime business hours and the guest rooms ranged everything from ' The Presidential Suite to The Governors Suite '. I accepted a more humble room as I would not need to spend very much time there during the day. I did stay inside most nights and the amenities were more than satisfactory. I enjoyed the very spacious exercise room and afterwards, I would take a quick dip in the pool. I toured the hotel as my niece is planning her wedding and just so happens to live close to the hotel. The ' Chagall Ballroom ', was elegant enough for such an occasion and reeked of pure luxury. I was given very adequate maps and directions to and from as my business was conducted throughout the city. That was a life saver. All in all, my experience was more than favorable and I would definitely stay there again along with recommending it to anyone. 
TWORrLC True Neg This was the 2nd time that we have stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. The first time was far above our expectations for a $69/per night room. The rooms are very nice, and the beds are comfortable. This time we got a great rate through travelzoo @ $104/ night for a room with a view. We were aware of the $41 parking per night. The first night we got there the valet was yelling at us and said that we couldn't park they were full. We had no clue where to park at this point and had to drive around for over 45 minutes looking at closed parking garages. (It was a Saturday evening) Finally found a spot and were told that it would be $38. This was 6 blocks from the hotel. Mind you its -6 outside and we have luggage to carry too. Not very good service for a 5-star hotel. We got inside and apparently they were running a nightclub out of thier lobby, its called the harddrive. That's cool and all, yes it was very noisy but once we got to our room, it wasn't an issue. The HVAC controls to our room were broken. The first night we were ok, but by the second night it was blazing hot in there, 86 degrees. So hot we couldn't sleep. It was miserable. They sent up the "engineer" and he determined that there was definately a problem and opened our window, 24 floors up. It never did cool down enough in there we kept that window open all night. It was 5 below that night and the window being open 8" didn't help. They would not put us in another room either. At checkout, Monday morning, our bill came to $240.43 after taxes for the room. We then had a second bill in which our internet and parking was billed on for $56.65. Cool, I got my reciepts and went on our way. On Wednesday I was on my online banking checking my account, to find that Hyatt charged me $289.03 and another charge of $103.63!!! That is almost $100 more than what the reciepts from checkout say. I was furious, so I called the hotel. Nothing was resolved by my phone call, they treated me as if $100 isn't but something you wipe with. She said give it another day or two and see if the additional authorization falls off. That didn't settle well with me, but what could I do. I waited. Its Friday now. I check on my account again and the charges cleared as they should have with the correct original amounts, and they still have "authorizations" on the two incorrect amounts as well. They have charged me an additional $300!!!!!! Im so furious! and guess what... Hyatt doesn't care. They gave me the same [--] line as they did Wednesday. SAVE YOURSELF SOME HASSLE AND DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL UNLESS YOU HAVE EXTRA MONEY FOR THEM TO PLAY WITH.
TaCgV8A Fake Pos I recently made a business trip to Chicago, in which I stayed at the downtown Fairmont hotel. During my visit, I had an aroma-harmony massage. This experience greatly relieved my stress, from all the business meetings I'd had that day. Candace worked wonders for my neck muscles, especially. This was the only amenity that I sought out, during my trip. My time was very limited. However, the entire staff at this hotel treated me as if I were a valued guest. I'll definately stay at this hotel again when I'm in the area. And, I highly recommend the spa!
TlOZpV6 True Neg My $200 Gucci sunglasses were stolen out of my bag on the 16th. I filed a report with the hotel security and am anxious to hear back from them. This was such a disappointment, as we liked the hotel and were having a great time in Chicago. Our room was really nice, with 2 bathrooms. We had 2 double beds and a comfortable hideaway bed. We had a great view of the lake and park. The hotel charged us $25 to check in early (10am).
TtP8xut True Neg My sister and I stayed on the 22nd floor, there was a refrigerator in the hallway for the first three nights, beat up and old dorm style. It was not until we told the concierge that we were going to post the picture we took of it on Tripadvisor did the thing get removed. Breakfast dishes left outside rooms will stay on the floor for a day or two routinely. All night there are chimes that make noise, that are supposed to be comformting or relaxing and rather they are just annoying. There is no wifi - no matter what they tell you, I paid for the wifi, and still we were unable to get on. Lastly, my sister and I split the bill, I had already paid for the first night in form of a deposit and they gave her the credit. Room cost with city taxes etc. was 313.69 a night. I know the Comfort Inn just a few blocks away is significantly cheaper! So while the View was wonderful, it is NOT worth the money.
U0ijKJ1 Fake Neg The Hotel Monaco claims to be a "boutique Chicago luxury hotel," but it certainly was neither luxurious nor stylish. The pictures posted on the website imply that the guest is going to stay in a room with an amazing view, but that was certainly not the case for this customer! The decor, which might be "cutesy" or "charming" to some was actually quite tacky and outdated. The bathrooms had a musty smell and did not meet the cleanliness standards of a hotel claiming to be "one of the top 40 hotels U.S." Don't be fooled by a snappy website with some selective photos--this hotel does not live up to its billing. You will be disappointed, as was I, if you expect anything more than a run-of-the-mill experience at a merely average hotel.
U2hBEq2 Fake Neg When I first looked at the Hotel Monaco Chicago - a Kimpton Hotel's website, the hotel looked very pleasing and a great place for me to stay during my visit to Chicago. The problems began when I called to make a reservation. The woman who answered was very rude, to say the least. I had a few questions about the spa services. She rushed through what sounded like she was reading through a brochure. I decided that I shouldn't let one person ruin my experience with the hotel so I made a reservation and soon I was in Chicago. The front desk service was very pleasant when I arrived, and the room seemed clean, other than the mysterious stain on my bedsheets. I got dressed up and went down to the bar area for a drink and appetizers. It took over thirty minutes for any worker to approach me for an order. Yet two other parties that walked in after me were served right away. I was baffled considering I was dressed nice and in a fairly good mood considering it was my first trip to Chicago. Needless to say I will not be staying at this hotel again.
U3ZyU1f True Neg I stayed there on October 6, 2012. When I pulled the covers of my bed, there was a small dark brown insect the size of a grain of rice, which was either a bed bug or cockroach. I trapped it under a glass (see the attached pictures) and called the front desk. The housecleaning person claimed it was a cockroach. Absolutely horrible service by the hotel management to respond to the problem, failing to follow through on promises they made to me. Setting aside the bug problem, I caution that the windows are quite thin. We could hear a lot of the street noise, which made for a hard night's sleep, not to mention worrying about insects even after changing rooms. For $400 a night after tax, I strongly encourage you to check for alternatives.
UG4YYHG True Pos The Ambassador East is located in the Gold Coast neighborhood of Chicago. It is just a few blocks from the train station, so it was easy to get anywhere in town. The hotel is a National Historic Landmark so the lobby is elegant and beautiful. We loved the Pump Room bar with tons of B & W photos of celebrities. The service was wonderful and everyone was friendly and helpful. 
UKyiIwt True Pos My girlfriends and I stayed 4 nights at the Talbott returning home on Saturday 9/29. We all had a wonderful time and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. The staff from top to bottom were excellent, accommodating. The room was roomy...with our only complaint being not being able to cool the room fast enough after a day on the town. The construction next door was obstructing the sidewalk, but being on a oneway street limited that difficulty. The doorman, Andrew was an excellent source at this hotel. He arranged all our transportation at night to restaurants. We enjoyed everything about the hotel and the city. The hotel was expensive but met expectations. 
UMxumqK Fake Neg I stayed two nights at the Hilton Chicago. That was the last time I will be staying there. When I arrived, I could not believe that the hotel did not offer free parking. They wanted at least $10. What am I paying for when I stay there for the night? The website also touted the clean linens. The room was clean and I believe the linens were clean. The problem was with all of the down pillows etc. Don't they know that people have allergies? I also later found out that this hotel allows pets. I think that this was another part of my symptoms. If you like a clean hotel without having allergy attacks I suggest you opt for somewhere else to stay. I did not like how they nickel and dimed me in the end for parking. Beware hidden costs. I will try somewhere else in the future. Not worth the money or the sneezing all night.
UVMd2Ft True Neg at check in, the girl gave us a smoking room. we asked for nonsmoking. i had to get another room. it was by the elevators. loud! really loud!. the new room didn't have a shower door. so every day water spilled on to the floor and wet the carpet. the public transportation is amazing. you don't need a car in chicago. you can get anywhere by train or bus. it's fast too. Area recommendations chicago is great! good shopping, good food (ginos east!!!) and great bars. the tornado that knocked out the windows in the sears tower was really cool! i loved being in the hardest rain storm i've ever seen!
Uafk7vF Fake Neg The hard rock hotel Chicago is not as good as they try to portray, First ill start off by saying there website is confusing and hard to navigate through. They also have rude customer service, that dont seem happy to answer your questions. There prices are so outrageously expensive for what they offer, its just ridiculous. Hard rock hotel has a good rep behind there name, but Hard rock hotel Chicago should not be included in that.
UdHK8dC Fake Pos You made Chicago a wonderful stay! The room was gorgeous! I came with very little on hand and my deluxe room supplied me with everything that I needed, I didn't even have to ask! Thank you so much, I will be back! Very tidy room as well!
UezhERd True Neg Attended a wedding in Chicago; Sofitel is new, humming, very very modern (W hotel style - minimalist) and a great location. However, I miss the basics of a less trendy hotel. We checked in at 7 PM and our room wasn't ready - when they gave me a key the maid was still in the room making it up for me!!! I had to wait in the hallway .... On the weekend I came back for a nap at about 3:30 PM after vacating the room at 8:30 AM and it still wasn't made up. The housekeeping line was never answered so had to call front desk to get someone to make up my room. Also called housekeeping for a new hairdryer and they never brought me one....I gave up...This is a hot, youth hotel but for my next visit, I think I'd prefer some of the classic amenities likely timely housekeeping, a somewhat larger room that you can walk around, and a less trendy, hot, loud clientele. I'm over 40.
UhmMUPq True Neg The Talbott Hotel itself is a bit worn around the edges. No - not a bit worn - very much so I'm sorry to say. Although the location a block and a half from the best part of Michigan Ave. can't be beat, and the level of service is on par with many Four Seasons, there were quite a few bumps in the road. Number one, the rooms are quite dreary - brown on brown is just so not pleasing. The desk chair was so badly worn that the "lift" button simply swirled down when you sat in it and no we're not grossly obese. The back of the chair leaned so much it was uncomfortable. My husband had to use 2 couch pillows to use it - one to get him up to desk heighth, one up against his back to scoot him up to the desk. The bathroom was oddly arranged so that the door swung up right next to the sink, so if you were using the far sink and someone needed to enter the bathroom you got hit with the door. The towels were very well worn and thin, although bath sized, which was a plus. The restaurant downstairs is practically another posting - suffice to say, it was horrific. We had some appetizers outside on the nice streetside tables, and they (appetizers) were awful and looked as though a child had tossed them together in the kitchen. A room service sandwich ordered later in our visit was totally wet on the side, served on a large white plate, and was one slice of meat and one slice of plastic American cheese on a grocery store-like roll - very very sad. Even the menu, as limited as it was, looked as though someone's child had written it out. The good news is that Chicago is a fairly well-read restaurant town so there are plenty of other places to go. Unfortunately for us, the 3 days we stayed there was a large convention and jazz festival in town so we paid $325/nt for our disappointments. The good news is that the mini bars' wares were incredibly well-priced - when's the last time you had a $4 beer anywhere in a hotel? (even if it was Bud and Bud lite - lol!~) The front desk and curbside staff could not have been more accommodating. The water out of the shower was hot and plentiful, and the bed comfortable. The A/C was not noisy nor uncomfortable whatsoever, and we had it going the entire time as it was in the 90's our entire stay. Free wi-fi - YES! And it wasn't horribly grindingly slow! No need for the advertised "upgrade" for faster wi-fi. Talbott - please update your rooms and get a new restaurant concept and you will be ahead of the game. Apparently there are enough folks getting deals on rooms here so they are pleased, but we were sadly not.
Umy3XqV Fake Neg My stay at the Hyatt Regency was an experience that I'll never ever forget - not in a good way. Check-in was actually pretty easy and the clerk was pleasant. I went up to my room and looked around, all seemed ok at first. I was bushed so I flopped on the bed... ohhhhh noooooo! The bed was as hard as a military bunk from my Army days. But I was so tired that I just passed out. Of course I woke up with a back ache...great. I figured a hot soak in the tub would help my back so I plugged the tub, turned the hot water on full force, and poured in some shower gel. I put my foot in expecting some real heat - the water was barely lukewarm. I called the front desk but they were no help, the clerk just apologized. Frustrated at this point, I turned on the tv and switched on the air. I put my hand over the vent to see how cold the air was and I saw something slimy inside of the vent. It looked like a wet gray chunk of goop or something. I couldn't take anymore of this. I went down to the front desk and complained to the clerk. It seemed as though the guy was on something - he kept smiling as he apologized, no empathy as if he's used to hearing about the goop in the ac. He offered me a free night but there is no way that I'd stay at this place again - ever.
Uo7VYMD True Pos We recently completed our second stay at the Fairmont Chicago. The check-in process was quick and painless but the front desk staff was almost disinterested in the whole procedure. That is fine when I am traveling on business, but on leisure trips I would appreciate a warmer greeting. The hotel was hosting a convention at the same time as our stay, but other than seeing some signage/attendees in the lobby, we wouldn't have noticed. This is probably due to the separation of the conference areas from the guest rooms and the 8 speedy elevators. We stayed in a Parkview Suite so we had a large room with a great view of Millenium Park. The anteroom was well appointed with a sofa, coffee table, desk, mini-bar with sink and coffee maker, and dining area. The bedroom appeared to be the same as a standard Fairmont room, but maybe slightly larger. The bathroom also appeared to be similar to a standard Fairmont room, and once again, possibly slightly larger. The upscale modern decor is pleasing but not overtly luxurious, and several small touches such as a shoe shine station (with extra collar tabs), are peppered throughout. We booked a few evening activities through the concierge and everything was perfectly handled. The hotel restaurant, Aria, couldn't find our reservation but they oddly new my name and remembered that the hotel had called to make a reservation for us. They had no problem seating us and the dinner (both food and service) was lovely. Minor complaints: The pillows could be better. I'm not sure if they remembered our preference for non-down bedding from our last visit, but seriously, these things barely felt like pillows. I'll suffer through some congestion if I can get better neck support. Also, the valet parking attendants seem overly eager to take your car (and charge you $49). And as I mentioned above, the front desk experience could be improved. Best feature: After our first stay, I gave a brief review in the comments section of the Fairmont President's Club (membership is free) website. I received a phone call from the Director of Rooms the same day asking to discuss our experience. After this stay, I left a comment essentially thanking the hotel staff for a great stay, but still received a warm, friendly phone call from the Director of Rooms asking if he could do anything to improve our next stay. Kudos to the Fairmont for taking its customers seriously, and for that, they've won my loyalty. 
UoLpS4w Fake Pos the experince at the hard rock hotel in chicago was fantastic,i will rate them a 6 out of 5. they have wonderful service and great staff and the view is just wonderful.
UpLNhUr Fake Pos My stay at the Ambassador East Hotel was a pleasant one. I loved being able to take a quick stroll to Michigan Ave for some shopping. I also loved the Pump Room. What a fun place to hang out and enjoy a Blood Mary. The front desk staff was wonderful with my check in since my reservation was lost. They found me a room immediately even though the city was book up. I thought the rooms were clean and well maintained. The shampoo was great and I decided to take it home with me. I am looking forward to another stay at the Ambassador EAst in the spring when I return to Chicago. 
UuLho0b True Pos We've just returned from a two night stay at the Affinia Chicago and our visit was delightful. Thanks to tripadvisor reviews we were prepared for the major construction work on the facade and entrance..it was a mess. And the hotel restaurant and bar remain incomplete and unavailable. Even parts of the lobby had "wet paint" stickers. All these things could have made for a disappointing stay. Not so!! Although we arrived very early in the day our suite was ready along with a most warm and gracious greeting from the front desk staff. After just a few minutes we felt like we were "at home." The suite on the 25th floor, with a fab view along a wall of windows, was sparkling fresh and clean. The bathroom lighting was outstanding and led to my bride of nearly 50 years saying that it made her look younger...she was right! Everything in and about the room was "like-new" and very stylish. As a visitor we appreciated the very convenient location just a few steps from the Magnificient Mile and all of its ambiance. Thanks to a dedicated and gracious staff, a fantastic location, and chic decorating elements, this hotel can and will be our future hotel of choice in Chicago. The stay was short..but sweet. 
UvSvxdl True Pos After reading the reviews & getting an excellent rate through travelzoo, I decided to give this hotel a try. I must say it was a great choice! The location is perfect, just off from N Michigan Ave, walking distance from everything. The staff was very helpful and friendly, and the room was excellent. They gave us a corner room w/a great view. As many have posted, the bed & pillows were very comfortable (I am very picky about that). I slept well every night! The renovation is almost done & did not bother us one bit. I highly recommend this hotel. 
UzZc7os Fake Neg Don't stay here! My family and I stayed here for a weekend trip. The staff were rude and acted like we were bothering them. The rooms looked nice in photographs but when we got there our room looked like it hadn't been dusted in ages. Overall bad service and not worth the money.
V2IGu6t Fake Pos The Fairmont Chicago Millenium Park Hotel provides a rich, beautiful, cultured atmosphere. During my stay, I felt like royalty. With unparalleled design schemes and beautiful, tranquil views, the mood during my entire stay was one of bliss. The guest services department was second-to-none. The staff throughout the hotel were obviously concerned with pleasing the customer and making my stay as wonderful as possible. When dealing with a staff member at Fairmont, I felt as if I were the only guest in the place. The food and drink selections were vast and fit for a king. I will definitely recommend Fairmont Chicago Millenium Park to my friends and colleagues. I will also greatly look forward to my next stay.
VK7jp73 Fake Neg Staying at the Sofitel was one of the less pleasurable experiences I have had in Chicago. Upon entering, there was no one offered to take my luggage so I was forced to carry it up to the check in desk. The front desk staff was not friendly or welcoming. The room was smaller than I expected and smelled of fake suede. I decided to have drink and some food in Le Bar and upon entering, I immediately noticed how dimly lit the room was. I could barely see the bartenders face. The drinks were alright and the food was sub-par compared to what I was expecting. After an hour, I was ready for bed so I returned to my room to lay down. The mattress was surprising stiff. The noise was higher than expected as well. Thankfully, it was only a one night stay.
VWSSucj True Pos so my sweetie lures me out under the guise of dinner at the China Grill, upon arrival he tells me his boys are watching the game in a suite upstairs and want to say hi...we arrive at the 35th floor and my oh my!!! SURPRISE!!! ladies and gentlemen THIS is something to be admired...spacious and roomy, yet warm, cozy and inviting...great bed, comfortable furniture, great 42 inch plasmas, and the views are UNBELIEVABLE...my only complaint? a shower should have a door to keep the heat IN...other than that no complaints, room service was great, morning coffee was yummo...overall a fabulous experience!!! 
VXijBuR True Neg The Good - excellent location, neighborhood is pretty and quiet, close to shops, restaurants, the waterfront, close to train/subway station, etc The Bad - Very old decor, which isn't a big deal, but the tv was smaller than my PC monitor. We were supposed to have a king bed (anniversary trip) we were given two double beds and told we would be switched - that never happened. The shower/tub was stopped up so bad that after I showered my husband waited over one hour for the tub to drain before he could shower. Who wants to shower in someone else's dirty water even if it is your wife. The indifferent - room was a decent size, bed linens were okay, staff was mediocre to marginally rude
VY06WTX Fake Neg While traveling in Chicago I stayed at the Sofitel on Chestnut Street. Though the hotel was a beautiful and comfortable as the advertisements suggest; service was severely lacking. I arrived late at night and had one peaceful dreamy nights sleep before being woke up at dawn. I reserved a room on one of the lower floors unaware of the construction happening in the area. I complained that I had not been informed of the construction and requested another room. My complaint was totally disregarded. I was told there were no other rooms in the whole hotel available. When I explained that the noise was bothersome I was treated rudely. The woman at the front desk actually ask me if I thought she could make the workers stop. I understand that the staff has no control over the noise. They did however know about the construction. Information I did not have at the time I booked. Information that would have swayed my decision. Then to treat me so rudely for bringing it to their attention. I will not be staying there again.
VcUjrSi True Neg Let me start by saying we are seasoned travelers who take 5-6 trips for pleasure on a yearly basis (not including our business travel). We've traveled all over the world and often stay at older hotels because of their charm and attention to detail. We were not at all impressed by this hotel. At $220/night we were expecting a decent, clean hotel but obviously not a 5*. We were highly disappointed by the state of the room we were given (1546). The paint/wallpaper/tub were peeling, there was hair in both the tub/toilet when we got to the room, the internet service was extremely slow, the toilet ran throughout the night, and quite frankly we were not convinced the bedding was changed from the previous guests as it was wrinkled and look slept in. We told the gentleman working at the front desk about the state of our room and his response was "I know, we can't wait for our renovations." If it hadn't been for the fact we were meeting up with our relatives who were traveling from the UK & booked into this hotel by a travel agent, we would have checked out as soon as we checked in. Let me also add that the front desk seemed short-staffed as the check-in/check-out process was painfully slow. All we can credit the hotel with is a great location and very friendly/responsive door staff. In its day this was likely a lovely hotel & but it is in dire need of a renovation. Despite its location I cannot understand how travelers continue to pay those rates for such a sub-par experience. We would never book at this hotel again.
VfOfU19 True Pos Excellent location, about a block from Michigan Ave. and two blocks from Water Tower Place and John Hancock Tower. Beautiful hotel, felt very luxurious and high-class for being a moderate priced hotel. Staff was excellent -- friendly and accommodating. 
VnAFTAV Fake Neg I booked my reservations at The Talbott Hotel in hopes of finding luxury and excellent service. What I actually got was far less than that. When I first arrived to check in, the woman at the desk was very impolite and looked rather bored. It took her over 5 minutes to even find my reservation in the computer system! And I won't go into detail about how she messed up with my room keys and had to give me a second set! When I finally got to my room, the first thing I noticed was that it smelled stale. The air in the room literally smelled like it had been in that room, without any fresh air, for years. I soon discovered my bathroom toilet had a leak, as well, and every time you flushed the toilet, water would trickle out from the base onto the floor. Talk about concerning. I reported this to the desk, and the fellow who answered promised someone would be up right away to fix it. No one showed up until the next day, and very early in the morning, I might add. Later, I called room service and asked for a bottle of wine. It took them half an hour to deliver it to my room! And it wasn't even chilled by the time it showed up, either; it was lukewarm. Overall, my experience here was not very pleasant, and I don't recommend booking with this hotel.
Vnzi93L True Pos We live down the block from the hotel. We arranged to have new floors put in our condo while we were away. The floors were not finished when we returned so we looked for an inexpensive local hotel for one night. I think the Ambassador East was the least expensive hotel within a reasonable distance so we decided to stay there. Over the years I had had some visiting groups stay there. I had also eaten there and been to the bar but I had never stayed there myself. The lobby is elegant. The service is great and the room was large and clean although a little outdated. The location is the best residential area in the city (as far as I am concerned -- I live two blocks away) and it is very convenient to North Michigan Avenue ( a good shopping street) and reasonably convenient to the Loop ( the main business area) There are also probably 50 restaurants in all price ranges in reasonable walking distance including some of the best in the city. I paid less than $100 including tax for one night. I am not sure what their regular rates are but I think my deal was the best travel bargain around. 
VotFrzt Fake Pos My stay here was superb. The view from my windows was stunning, as I looked out I could see the beautiful Grant Park. The room had a nice airy feel but was also warm and inviting. The bed was very comfortable. The wireless internet was fast and effective which is nice especially when on business trips. THe hotel is in walking distance to the museum which is nice for those on vaca. Overall I thouroughly enjoyed my stay here. 
VtOrOwo Fake Neg Imagine flying to the windy city for business. After a long flight with many delays you get a cab to your hotel, the much-hyped Conrad. You've been expecting to fall into a soft bed with a lovely view of the Chicago skyline out your window. That's exactly how I imagined it after my delayed flight and terrible cab ride. That's the opposite of how it turned out. I got in to the lobby late and the person at the counter was busy talking on their cellphone. I approached and they didn't even hang up. They were going on about how they thought the whole Charlie Sheen thing was overblown. I don't care. It's late. I have meetings the next day. I try to check in and they say they can't find my reservation. This is despite the fact I have my receipt with me! Finally, they check me in and don't even bother to have a bellhop help me with my bags. This isn't a cheap room. It's standard to treat your customers with some level of respect. I get to my room and I open the door and it's someone else's room! Somehow they've given me the wrong room and activated my key for that person's room. Worse yet, the occupant was passed out drunk on the bed with his clothes strewn all over the room. I have to carry my bags back downstairs and get checked into the right room. Finally I get up there and my room is missing a pillow. Seriously? How can the maid not notice. The bed was made. Someone must've been in the room and seen that there was one too few pillows. This episode was exemplary of the rest of my stay. Needless to say, neither I nor my business will be using the services of the Conrad in Chicago.
VzbBHWk Fake Pos Our stay at the Hilton Chicago was a pleasure from arrival to departure. The staff was super friendly and helpful, the room was very clean and the location was fantastic. The walking track was an especially nice touch. Highly recommended!
W1UKXIt Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago, and it was one of the worst experiences I've ever had at a high-end hotel. I was in Chicago for a conference, and I thought I would enjoy the experience more if I had somewhere pleasant and relaxing to return to, but this hotel definitely wasn't that place. The restaurants were mediocre at best, despite their high prices; I repeatedly got food that was bland, overcooked, or lukewarm. The room was fine, but nothing special; I think I'd have been just as comfortable in almost any hotel in downtown Chicago. A big part of my discomfort and dissatisfaction with the hotel, though, was with their Jet Set Pets program; it's hard to find a decent, relaxing hotel that I'll like that will also accept my dog. But many of the employees were rude about my adopted mutt, who is energetic and loves people but isn't the most photogenic dog - he has a scar on his face and he's got that terrier look. Multiple people mocked him, or said there was no point grooming him, or asked why I wanted him sleeping on a bed in my room. I know that it's a fairly high-end hotel, but I would hope for better service regardless of the class associations of the dogs. I hope they at least treat all of the dogs boarded there well. The experience was overall frustrating and unsatisfactory, especially for the price. I can give them good marks on their spa services, and I really appreciated the pillow "menu," but other than that it didn't feel like a particularly luxurious or indulgent experience, especially given the customer service.
W2dGF9w True Neg My parents booked five nights at The James for its location and good reviews. They had a terrible first night with defective air conditioning and not much sympathy from the management staff. They sent engineers three times to repair the unit, and they insisted that it was getting cooler when it wasn't, under the rationale that the summer temperature is high and the filter was dirty. At my parents' request, the hotel staff moved them to a lower floor with a queen instead of a king and with neither a rate discount nor an effort to compensate them for the inconvenience and discomfort. The hotel insisted they were fully booked and reluctantly gave them that room. Don't book this hotel in the summer. And by the way, there is no view at all from any of the rooms - except for the windows of other buildings.
W38M1vm True Neg My family and I stayed at the Hyatt on Wacker Dr. on March 27, 2012. We were excited about the great price we got for your 4-star hotel through priceline. Unfortunately, we were not impressed. In the past, we have stayed at the Hyatt in downtown San Diego for spring break on the Marina, but chose to stay closer to home this year. The room was not clean to our standards when we arrived, even though we paid for an upgrade. We asked for it to be cleaned while we were sight seeing and were assured it would be looked after. Upon our return, nothing had been moved in the room to re-clean including the tea my sons had made prior to our excursion so I can only assume, it wasn't even checked as promised. We only had 3 towels for the 4 of us and had to call for more. They were promptly delivered but room service took 40 + minutes to deliver us a knife and corkscrew we essentially paid for because we felt compelled to tip even though we had to call and ask for it twice! The curtains were dirty and frayed by the vacuuming, the bed skirt had a foreign stain on it, the honor bar/fridge was gouged and dirty, too! The mirror was dirty and the beds appeared to have been jumped on - not neat and tidy at all....There were boxes of trash in the hall and an old refrigerator or two as well. Very disappointing to say the least. I have buyer's remorse and wish we had just taken the train home and stayed in our own beds! We were compensated for our upgrade - $20.00 but given the price of parking, taxes, and etc. at this point I wouldn't recommend this Hyatt to anyone. My husband travels and uses his Hyatt business travel points quite often and also expected better from your 4-star hotel. I felt compelled to let you know how unhappy we were with your facility.
W4cLPFs True Pos Ambassador East is an awesome hotel!!! Understand that this hotel is full of history and is a boutique hotel. My family stayed at the Ambassador for two nights in a suite. Very clean room with great space. The best part of the Ambassador is not the rooms though. The staff was extremely courteous, especially the concierge. If you stay here you have to go to the Pump Room. The restaurant is full of nostalgia, the staff is great, and the food is excellent. Great atmosphere and music. 
W7xIhRz Fake Neg I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel a couple of weeks ago while in Chicago for 3 nights. I must say, I was NOT impressed. This is an example of a hotel that tries too hard with little result except for inflating your bill. To start with, the hotel lobby was totally gaudy. It had sculptures and artwork that seemed meaningless and I guess was supposed to give an air of style. The room was ok I suppose, but certainly not worth the premium price I paid for it. The hotel food was presented like it was some kind of amazing French cuisine, but the food, while arranged nicely, tasted unremarkable and again, was overpriced. My final verdict is avoid this hotel if at all possible. It is simply not worth it.
WERPETc True Neg I have stayed at the Omni off an on over the years. On business, for personal trips. This trip started off quite rocky, and left me very un-impressed. 1) Be aware, they have a new policy where they charge debit card $55 per day for "incidentals" which you *may* incur. They do this if you elect not to use a standard credit card. Even if you have booked and paid for your room in advance. The desk clerk claimed "all the hotels do this now"...funny how when I put a remote employee at the O'Hare hilton on my business debit card, I was never asked for additional funds. Having a policy is one thing, spreading blame for it is another. While not a problem for me, someone who plans trips down to the dollar and dime might encounter a problem with this "policy" of theirs. To my knowledge, they never did this sort of thing before. (I don't use Credit Cards, its why I have money in a recession. =)) 2) Rooms were clean, but their in room accoutrements and mini bar items had no price list. The only thing labelled with a price was a bottle of water (about 600 ML) for $7.50. As such, be careful with the tray of goodies. If the water is $7.50, imagine what the snickers bar might cost. 3) Our suite had a bathroom sliding door between the bedroom and bathroom which appeared broken, and would not move. Calling the front desk resulted in ... nothing. Finally about 9:00 PM I elected to have another look at it, and it seemed to be off its track. I was able to successfully "fix" it, but the lack of response from maintenance, considering the rate for a suite, is sad. I remember this hotel being much more attentive and responsive. 4) The seem to cut a lot of corners on room stocking now. Overall, I think I will be skipping the Omni, and they will get no more of my business. It seems Hilton treats people better overall. It's quite sad, as I have a lot of good memories with Omni. I will not be back.
WQe7D53 True Neg This hotel does not belong in the same league as The Peninsula, Four Seasons, or Ritz Carlton. It was more like staying at an overpriced W Hotel. Staff was very nice and attentive, but the lobby is cramped, and only two small elevators for 17 floors!! Several times the elevator was full by the time it reached our floor, and we were forced to take the stairs. The hotel must be flooding the travel websites itself with high reviews.
WSD7wpc Fake Neg Chicago has many wonderful luxury hotels for tourists and business travelers. When visiting the Windy City, however, the Conrad Hotel and Resort is one to avoid. While the description promises clean accommodations, luxury amenities, and "deep soaking tubs," in relity, the rooms fall short of expectations. I opened the door to my suite to find a musty smell in the room similar to that of an old neglected closet. A bit disappointed, I decided to ignore this fact. Hoping to take a nice long soak after my travels, I made my way to the bathroom. While I did find a large, deep bathtub, there was a hard water stain giving it a dingy look. Hardly what I expected for the price I paid for the accommodations. In the corner of the bathroom, I found a reminder of a pevious guest, a clump of blond hair. The maid service seemed to be lacking. Not to be deterred from enjoying my stay, I decided to watch television on the 42 inch flat screen I had been promised. Unfortunately, the battery to the remote control was dead. I called the front desk, at my wits' end, to complain about the issues, but was greeted by a desk clerk with a very sassy attitude who seemed to doubt my every word. Overall, I would definitely not recommend the Conrad Hotel and Resort in Chicago. My room was dirty, the staff was unfriendly, and the ammenities were few and far between. On my next stay in Chicago, I will definitely stay elsewhere.
WTXj54G True Neg We choose to stay at the hotel due to the high rooftop ratings at the hotel. Not only is the rooftop terrace on the 5th floor, but it was occuppied with private corporate events for the entire duration of our stay. We did - as recommended - have a drink indoors only to be highly insulted by their bartender there. There is no breakfast buffet - you order a la carte. Keep that in mind when paying extra for breakfast and internet. Also note that the minibar is empty on arrival - we were only told on departure that we would have needed to call reception to order. We have stayed at the Omni before and it as a much better experience. I dont recommend spending so much for a mediocre hotel.
Weki1tt Fake Neg when i first checked the hotel's website and reviews i was completely sure that it would be a great hotel and i would have a great time there. but i was totally disappointed once i got there, first of all i asked for a nonsmoking room because i hate the odor , and in fact they gave me a non smoking room which smelled worse than a smoking one, it was smelly in a bad way it smelled like sweat and dirty laundry or something like that. then when i was trying to enjoy the view, they windows were all dusty and dirty. so i decided to get out of the room , and i went to the pool and it wasnt what i expected either it has nothing to do with the picture . so i went back to my room and called room service for them to complain about the smell and dirt so they gave me another room which smelled even worse!. i was about to freak out so they gave me some deodorant and it was tolerable; the bed was uncomfortable and the bathroom eww!, its all i can say about this hotel.
WhlbHxG Fake Pos Let me just preface this by saying that I absolutely loved my stay at this hotel. I chose it largely for location as I don't really love to walk that much and I was incredibly pleased with its situation in the city. It was just a couple blocks away from several museums and shopping districts but my husband and I mainly ventured out for food, of which there were great options and the concierge was a great help. We had originally booked the King Guestroom but upon arrival were upgraded to the Deluxe King Guestroom by the front desk. Everyone was remarkably friendly and helpful which is something I look for and remember when I go to stay in a location again. Our room was amazing. Seriously amazing. It was so chic and I just loved the headboard over our bed. There wasn't one little spot of dust to be found. The bathroom was gorgeous and we made full use of the two bathrobes in the closet. We didn't take anything from the snack bar but it all looked delicious. We had dinner at David Burke's Primehouse. I cannot recommend the NY Ribeye more highly. It was fantastic. For dessert we had the brown butter corn cake. I've been trying to replicate that dish ever since I got home. I'm sad to say that I didn't get a chance to try any of the treatments at Spa by Asha but I definitely will make a point to on my return visit. The James Chicago made our trip to Chicago memorable. The staff was friendly, the hotel beautiful, and the food delicious. What more could you want?
Ww1GY0M Fake Pos My husband and I visited the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park for our honeymoon. The customer service was amazing. From the time we booked our packege to the time we checked in everything was absolutely amazing. These people were proficient, respectful and very thoughtful. The Fairmont had a lounge, a wine room, a bar and a restaurant. I couldn't decide where I wanted to go first! After we put our bags up we headed down to the wine room... It was totally delicious. We also got free wine just because it was our honeymoon! Then after a few glasses of wine we hit the spa, once again excellent!! Everything smells like honeysuckle and everyone smiles all the time. We stayed in the gold room. Although it was a little bit smaller than I thought it would be I was definitely satisfied with the huge king bed with even bigger pillows. My husband and I relaxed in fluffy white bath robes while we sipped champagne while we watched the sparkling lights of the city. It was a wonderful experience that I will never forget. Four thumbs up! 
WwZKMfa True Pos I stayed here August 20 through 23rd with my sixteen year old son and we thoroughly enjoyed this hotel. The price was very reasonable for a hotel located right on Michigan Avenue. The front desk and concierge service was excellent and enhanced our stay by making it easy for us to plan fun activities. The John Entwistle theme on our floor was a nice touch. Any of you single fathers out there can appreciate how difficult it can be to take a fun affordable vacation with your children and The Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago really helped me accomplish just that! 
X1RmgML Fake Pos I loved staying at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, not only is it an amazingly friendly atmosphere, but they give me the option to bring my pet with me. They are a dog friendly hotel, it costs $55.00 a night for the dog to stay with you, but that beats the costs of paying a kennel to keep or your dog or a neighbor to watch them for you. I loved this option. They also give your animals a gift bag filled with treats, food, bowls and doggy clean up bags. I higly reccomend this hotel if you are looking for a place to bring your four-legged friend with you when you travel. 
X7WJ7xp Fake Pos My husband and I arrived for a 3 night stay for our 10th wedding anniversary. We had booked an Executive Guest room, upon arrival we were informed that they would be upgrading us to a beautiful Junior Suite. This was just a wonderful unexpected plus to our beautifully planned weekend. The front desk manager was professional and made us feel warmly welcomed. The Chicago Affinia was just a gorgeous hotel, friendly staff, lovely food and great atmosphere. Not the mention the feather pillows and bedding that was just fantastic. Also we were allowed to bring out beloved Shi-Tzu and he experienced the Jet Set Pets stay. The grooming was perfect, the daycare service we felt completely comfortable with. This was a beautiful weekend, thank you Affinia Hotels! We would visit this hotel again! 
XEKVEYT Fake Pos I have to say that the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago is a cool place to stay. When I first got there, getting checked in was very fast. The lady at the counter was nice and well spoken. The bellhop had out bags into the room very fast. The room was very hip and cool. There was musical items all over the place. I really loved the Beatles art that was in my bathroom. After being in the room a few minutes, I got a call from the front desk asking me if I liked my room. They also asked me if I would be interested in things like spa treatments and or if I needed to use their business room. I needed some things shipped while I was there, which they had supplies to help me with that. After getting some work done, I called the concierge if there was some really good pizza places around. They gave me information for 3 awesome places. I left and came back after having a night out on the town. They were very understanding that I was a wee bit out of it. I had more than pizza that night if you get my drift. When I got back to my room, the bed was so comfortable. I feel right off to sleep and had a good nights sleep. In the morning I order breakfast, which was really a Philly cheese steak. They will make anything you want anytime of day. I checked out by 9am with my bags feeling rested and very relaxed. Thank You Hard Rock, You Rock!
XFenBE9 True Neg We were encouraged to stay at the Affinia as part of a group in town for a Chicago wedding. We booked our rooms 6 months in advance, with the promise of a brand-new, full service hotel in a great locaiton in Chicago. The lobby was non-existant (under construction). The front desk staff was incredibly rude and unhelpful. The hallways and elevators are small, cramped and uncomfortable. The rooms are great - great beds, great television set. NO ROOM SERVICE - the kitchen is under construction. The bottom line is that during our stay, this was NOT a full-service hotel and should not have charged what they did. We were totally disappointed, hope it will improve, but vow to never stay there and will recommend to anyone to check out one of Chicago's truly amazing hotels. It is not worth the risk with this unproven dress rehearsal.
XHbBOvB Fake Pos I recently traveled up to Chicago for business and had a terrific 3 day 2 night stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower in downtown. The location was perfect as it gave me easy access to Michigan Avenue and the conference center where I was doing business. My hotel room was rather nice with a very comfortable king size bed and a cozy atmosphere. I ordered room service for dinner and it came within 30 minutes so I was quite pleased with that and they serve from their own restaurant which is located downstairs. The food was extremely good and I really enjoyed not having to go out and fight the traffic to find a good place to eat. I had been really tired from my meeting earlier in the day and had no trouble going to bed on the comfortable mattress. I woke up and took a shower and the bathroom was definitely up to standard with any other quality hotel. They had all the soaps and stuff as usual and they had plenty of towels on hand as well. After shower I headed down and they had a breakfast buffet at the restaurant which was free for hotel guests. The breakfast was delicious and started my day out right. After my business stuff was over I really got out and enjoyed Chicago. I met up with a friend who came over and visited my hotel and she was quite impressed with it as well. When I go back to Chicago I will definitely stay at the Sofitel again.
XI6b2St Fake Pos My wife and I booked a Deluxe Accessible Room at this beautiful hotel for three nights. The wonderful photos don't do the hotel justice. It couldn't have been a more ideal stay. The room was spacious and and clean, the bathroom sparkling, with every amenity one could imagine. The bed felt like it had been just delivered. Our views of downtown Chicago were spectacular. On top of all of this, the hotel staff was extremely helpful. They explained the best routes to the restaurants we wanted to eat at, and they even went as far as securing us reservations for the places they knew would be busy! Believe everything good that you read. If you visit Chicago, stay at the Conrad Chicago.
XIDW1yr Fake Pos I have heard friends talking about the Hotel Monaco in Chicago and did have my doubts at first. However when I arrived there was amazed at the location! It is near so many shopping places, museums, theatre, and many others places. Was in town for visiting old family and friends so did not plan to stay in room for long, however the room was still amazingly clean and well kept entire 6 day stay. Fell asleep quick in the beds and woke up ready for another day! The staff at the place is amazing I even got very good directions from them as sadly didnt know the area too well and had plans to meet people. One day did spend the day in room recovering from a long night and the room service was the best I have ever had at a hotel. All and all was highly impressed of this hotel good room, good service, and was able to have great time with friends and family by bringing them there and places nearby, will be heading back to this hotel many times.
XLMzApr True Neg Well, this used to be a Le Meridian Hotel, and it has changed for the worse. We kept having to remind them we booked a package, because we were being over-charged separately for everything, when it should have been included. We were supposed to have champagne in the room upon arrival, and did not. Two phone calls and three hours later, it finally showed up. We tried to have a drink in the bar, and even though we were the ONLY people there, three servers/bartenders came and went, talking to each other, not one of them acknowledging us. After ten minutes we left the hotel and went down the street for a drink. And don't bother to pay extra for "City View"; because you may get the view we had from only the sixth floor, looking across the street directly into a plain brick wall - that is all we could see. Oh yes, the valet lost his cell phone in someone's car, and called me at home today to see if we found it. He wanted me to call him back at home. Nice of the hotel to give out our personal information to the staff, huh? For the money, stay at any other hotel in Chicago with the same price-point and it will be much much better.
XP7ZYts Fake Neg I was disappointed in my stay at The James. I am on a strict gluten free diet and was told the hotel restaurant could accomodate my needs. Each time I sat down for a meal, I would explain my dietary needs to the waiter. Most times, I ended up having to send the plate back because some gluten item was included. My wife has sleep apnea and when we made our reservations, I made sure to ask if there was a room available with an outlet near the bed so that she could plug in her CPAP machine. I was assured that this was no problem. However, when we arrived at the hotel, we had to request a room change because there was no outlet near the bed. We had to wait in the lobby for sometime because the room we were moved to was not yet finished benig cleaned. Overall, it was not an entirely horrific stay, but I expected more out of a hotel of this supposed caliber. Next time I visit Chicago, I will be staying at another hotel.
XPvd4p3 True Pos This comes a little late as I'm finally catching up on my reviews from the past several months:) A dear friend and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in late October 2007 for one night while visiting a friend and her husband from out of town. This hotel is perfect, IMO. Easy check in and check out. Lovely, clean, comfortable rooms with great views of the city. I know this area pretty well and it's very convenient to many downtown Chicago attractions. We had dinner and went clubing with our friends around Division St.. We had no problems getting cabs back and forth to the Hyatt and there's even public transportation right near by but we didn't bother since we only needed cabs from and to the hotel. Parking, as is usual for Chicago, was expensive but we were able to get our car out quickly (however, we left on a Sunday morning, not exactly a high traffic time although it was a Bears homegame day, so a bit busier than usual I would think). No problems at all and the best part is that we got a rate of $100 through Hotwire, a downright steal for this area of Chicago and the quality of the hotel. 
XVfx82m True Pos Be prepared the hotel is old. It is on the historic list. The is updating to be done no doubt.. So just be forewarned. It is clean and the staff is phenomenal. Having said that, you can not beat the location. Right in the heart of the Gold coast. Take a train from O'hare right into the city. It drops you off only 4 blocks from the hotel. One block from the beach and public transportation is right there. Incredible area to explore. I highly recommend the Ambassador East 
XWvECRr Fake Pos The Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago has it all: location, comfort, and rockability! We stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago recently and found it to be amazing! The location was perfect as it is walking distance to the Magnificent Mile, Navy Pier, and Lake Michigan. It was just a short ride by bus or cab to the sports stadiums, Shedd Aquarium or the Museum of Science and Industry! The food, although it was pricey, was great! There is a spa on site if you need a little time to relax and recoup after all that rockin', and if you have pets, they get the ROYAL treatment, complete with gifts! I would highly recommend the Hard Rock Hotel of Chicago! 
XbgYjH1 Fake Neg I was REALLY looking forward to a nice relaxing stay at the end of a long vacation, but unfortunately that was not to be had. From the moment we arrived at the Omni, the staff was belligerent and extremely rude. They had lost our reservation and refused to give us the rate we had booked before. If we weren't so tired, we would've gone to a different hotel right then, but hindsight is 20/20. After we FINALLY got checked in after being made to wait needlessly for 45 minutes in the lobby, we decided to go down to the pool, which was tiny and kind of dirty, so we had walked all the way down there in our suits for nothing. The internet access was really slow. I will NEVER stay here again. Save yourself the headache and book somewhere else!
XdX1nA5 True Neg Here are some pros and cons: Pros: -Good location -Nice staff -Clean room Cons: -Lack of bathroom amenities (I get better items at a Holiday Inn) -Housekeeping wasn't so great... 1. A bathroom rug was taken out of my room (no idea why) and never returned it. The marble floor in the bathroom was very dangerous when slippery...I had to throw towels on the ground to make sure I did not fall. 2. I was charged for items I did not take out of the minibar.
XkCuEqp True Neg We stayed at the James hotel for a 40th birthday. The location was excellent for shopping and restaurants, but also very loud. The room was horrible. VERY SMALL. We had a double/double and it was the size of a college dorm room, plus completely white walls and linens. Absolutely no color except for one accent pillow. It was very sterile and uninviting. We were on the 11th floor and the lobby for the elevator was dark and done in red and balck with minimal lighting. It looked like the entrance to hell, if not a haunted house. Staff was very nice and accomodating. I would not return to this hotel.
Xkd4Dit True Neg If I didn't have to stay here, I wouldn't. Without exception, I swear I am not lying, every day of my stay brings a new problem. Over the past 3 months, I have stayed here 6 times for 3 nights at a time; problems every time. From the wrong food with room service, to room keys that dont work, unrefreshed bath towels, forgotten and dirty in-room coffee service, unclean ice bucket overnight, forgotten room cleaning, inability to connect to the Internet....I'm too tired to keep writing all the problems. For the price of this chi-chi downtown hotel, I expect more. Finally, their team is certainly not trained in customer service. The front desk teams have attitudes, and Aria's hostesses think they are something else. I'm stuck using this hotel since it is adjoined to Aon, but I would never go back if I had a choice. The only good thing is the food at Aria - outstanding.
Xret86y Fake Neg My Family and I went to this hotel on holiday last month. It was a very bad hotel. When we got there we imediatly checked in and went up to our room. The view from the window was a brick wall. Really? We even asked the Lasy at the front desk, but she said they couldn't put us in a room with a view cause we didn't book one and we couldn't upgrade. Also, My Wife is a light sleeper and the trains kept her up at night. Another thing is alot of ads boast a hot tub in all the rooms but this is not true, our room only had a normal tub. But, the tub had no stopper, so we could only take showers. The room was also very small compared to other hotels with around the same prices.
XtK2aUJ Fake Pos This hotel was everything we were looking for. My mom and I were on a girls weekend out shopping trip and just needed a place to stay after a long day out. The Talbott Hotel was incredible. The rooms were very clean and spacious and had everything we needed. The hotel check in was easy and the guest services folks were awesome! They even gave us tips on great restaurants in the area. Highly recommend this hotel on your next trip to chicago!
XtRMEp2 True Pos We just got back from 3 nights at the Sofitel. We really have nothing bad or negative to say about it. We've stayed at other higher end hotels in Chicago such as the Park Hyatt, The Peninsula, and The Four Seasons - and the Sofitel tops them all. It's a 4 star hotel with 3 star prices. It's a beautiful hotel all the way around. Staff is uniformly friendly without being patronizing. They were helpful with the one small problem we had and solved it quickly. The common areas are fresh and modern in appearance. The room was very clean with comfortable beds and well-appointed marble-accented baths. My wife loved the huge tub. We had breakfast via roomservice every morning and it was always hot and delicious. The robes and Evian at turndown was always appreciated. The property is ideally situated in the middle of the Gold Coast and all the best shopping and eating is within a short walk. Want a Bentley or latte? They're all close by. This was our second stay since it opened and I'm sure it's to be our home away from home when we are in Chicago. 
Xye2Ih0 True Neg The Chicago Hyatt Regency deceptively alters the cancellation policy by charging the full room rate upon cancellation--ie the room cannot be cancelled. I recently booked over the phone a one night stay directly with the hotel. The reservation specialist mentioned over the phone there was a 72-hour cancellation policy. However, when I tried to cancel the reservation within that timeframe, Robert, the reservation supervisor, said that the room could not be cancelled at any time without charging full price for the room. He said that I should refer to the confirmation e-mail that states at the bottom that prepayment is required at time of booking / non-refunable. This clearly was not what was agreed to over the phone. I told him to cancel without being charged. In response, he threatened to cancel and charge me for the full stay. Why would someone cancel if they are going to be charged full price? The bottom line is the hotel deceptively changed the terms of the agreement, and Robert should go back to customer service school!
Y1YThvy Fake Neg The room was very pretty, and the location is great, but the hotel is so big and they don't have the staff to take care of everything. The heating in our room was loud, making it difficult to sleep. The gym is not big enough, and the hotel parking garage is very expensive. The hotel has so many guests that the lobby was too loud to relax in. We didn't get great service at the hotel bar, and the bar ran out of bar snacks because so many people were in the bar area. Later we asked for directions to the restaurant we had dinner reservations at, and the hotel staff we asked did not know how we could get there. The next morning, the cleaning staff tried to get in while we were still in the room.
Y4ChNOB Fake Neg I stayed at the Monaco-Chicago back in April. I was in town on business, and the hotel was recommended by a friend of mine. Having spent a weekend there, I have no idea what my friend was talking about. The complimentary morning coffee was weak; the fitness room was dimly lit; and I thought I'd have to have my clothes mailed back to me when I used their supposed "overnight" laundry service for a suit I spilled some wine on. My room was adequate, but nowhere near what I've seen elsewhere at this price point. Recent renovation must be slang for "everything is stiff and smells of industrial adhesive." The mattress in my room was incredibly firm, and I slept poorly. When I travel, I expect an experience similar to or better than my experience at home. At most hotels, I receive excellent service and comfortable accomodations. This was an exception to my usual, and I won't be back anytime soon.
YCVAJLj True Neg I stayed at the Chicago Fairmont for four nights for a conference. My fiance' accompanied me. When we checked in, we were given a room with two full size beds despite the fact that our reservation was for one king size bed. So instead of relaxing on the large luxurious bed we had imagined, we were forced to either sleep in separate beds like Ward and June Cleaver or either cuddle up on a small full size like two college kids in a fraternity house! We discovered that the coffee maker wasn't working and called down to the desk to have someone look at it, and waited two and half hours. We had issues with the plumbing, including extremely slow hot water tap in the bathtub which took 45 minutes to fill. The toilet stopped working twice. We returned one afternoon from the art museum to find the maid in our room, sitting on the bed, watching the tv and talking on her cell phone. They bellman were rude, and wouldn't let my fiance unload our own car which was packed with some of his very expensive camera equipment. There were errors on our bill. Last but not least, we saw a ROACH in the drawers. Alive. The restaurant downstairs was decent, and the location is fairly good since my conference was in the Hyatt next door but for the price you can find someplace better. I will never ever stay here again under any circumstances.
YIobgd5 True Neg This morning, I checked out and left behind one of the worst hotel experiences I've ever had: Hard Rock Hotel, Chicago. I am in disbelief that this hotel is part of the "Preferred Hotels" group. Upon checking in, I was "greeted" by a front desk staff that had better things to be doing and let it show. My room was poorly lit and dirty. The desk/desk chair was covered in sticky, dried soda pop (or something else?) which I had to clean myself so I could work. The "sound system" was put to shame by my 10-year-old daughter's boombox. No one, rock star or otherwise, wants to reach more than an arm's length for toilet paper. Everything is possible. This includes hiring professional and courteous staff to answer customer calls that are directed to the "everything is possible" line. Great marketing fails with no follow through. The in-room mini-bar policy ranks in my personal top-five most ridiculous business practices of all time. Do you charge Steven Tyler $7.81 for opening his in-room 'fridge? Looking back, I would have much preferred enjoying cocktails in my dirty room rather than the dirty, drafty, overpriced bar (with a horrendous wine list) With the exception of the fact that I was leaving, check-out was no better than checking in. I wasn't even asked about my stay! The young woman who provided me with a copy of my bill could not have been more unpleasant. I, for one, will not bring my business back to that location. Next time I'm in Chicago, I'm staying at the Hyatt. Rock on, TripStarr
YLmwuFg Fake Neg I stayed at the Affina Chicago for my anniversary. The hotel is in a great location, but that doesn't make up for the poor customer service and rudeness of the staff. It looked like the cleaning crew forgot to vacuum from the last guest since there was hair on the carpet. I spent more money than I would normally, hoping for a luxury experience, and left very unsatisfied.
YMzLLI1 True Pos Just putting in a good word for the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. The reviews I read before going were mixed so we were not sure what to expect. The location was perfect. The hotel was beautiful. Our view was awesome. The room was large enough and very clean. The bed was very comfy. The staff were helpful - especially the concierge, Jared. I couldn't find anything negative to say. If you want to stay in downtown Chicago - you can't go wrong with this cool hotel. 
YNHS1FU Fake Pos This hotel is located right in the hustle and bustle of the city of Chicago. It is ideal for the corporate executive. Not only in terms of location but the hotel offers a spectacular view of the ocean. The dining room is spacious and makes eating at this hotel a really pleasant experience. While dining the guest experiences a nice ambiance as they overlook the city, which is picturesque especially at night, when the city lights come on. The rooms are nice and spacious and allows the guest to get all their work done with a desk area. I would strongly recommend this hotel for the corporate executive!
YRqGGXQ True Neg Excellent Hotel ! Rooms and service were great. A great value ! I have been to places that are not as good for nearly twice the price. Good location. Close to the L and short walk to rental car service. Restaurants in the area a bit of a disappointment, but the shopping was great. Area recommendations Great theatre, restaurants, museums and shopping.
YWH5gBM True Neg Stay Away! After generations as an old-world, cozy and stately, if a bit tired oasis, the AE has been purchased by Ian Schrager and taken down so many notches it's almost not functional. Allowing for the fact that the hotel is under renovation, the entrance is not handicapped accessible, and I saw several hotel guests with canes, casts, etc (including myself, recovering from foot surgery and in a cast, with a cane) struggling with the up and down outside stairs one has to navigate just to get into and out of the hotel. With luggage, it's almost impossible. This is simply inexcusable. I've been a customer of the Ambassador East for decades--but no more. The hallways are so dark one can barely see. The rooms are stark white, which in and of itself, isn't a particular problem, but it is jarring and almost painful as one's eyes adjust from the dark hallways. The furniture--stark and scant--looks like something from an Ikea closeout. The bed is comfortable--what a relief--but only about 15 inches off of the floor, a real problem if you're at all physically challenged, or even elderly and less flexible than you were in your salad days. The problems don't end there. My room had a horribly uncomfortable wire/metal desk chair, and absolutely nowhere else to sit. No arm chair, no demi-sofa, no ottoman. With a foot in a cast, it would have been nice to be able to sit comfortably, perhaps even with my leg elevated, while in the room. No way. The bathroom has absolutely nowhere to put any of your toiletries. Not a shelf, a small table, a nook, or a medicine cabinet. If you want to put a razor, shaving cream, makeup (for women) or anything else down so that you can use them, you're sh*t out of luck. Repeated requests for a small table or some sort of chair went unmet. A borrowed umbrella from the front desk was broken and unusable, something I didn't discover until caught in an expected downpour. I was tempted to throw it out, but remembered that they would charge me for it if I didn't return it, in spite of its total lack of usefulness. Refrigerator--forget it. Shampoo? For two days in a row, the housekeeper left several bottles of lotion, and no shampoo. Room service--not available. If you want breakfast, the front desk will sell you a small, pre-wrapped, commercial grade muffin for $4.00--something you can buy in any gas station for $1.00. No added value whatsoever. The photos show a nice entrance, and a large lobby for which the AE has long been famous. Unfortunately, that lobby is closed off, under construction, and the temporary lobby is on the second floor, difficult, again, for handicapped access. Thermos-bottled coffee and water for tea were stone cold, at 8 in the morning. When confronted with these various misses, the front desk staff repeatedly shrugged their shoulders and said, "Yeah, we know, you're not the first to tell us this stuff." All this shows is that Schrager doesn't even care to make an effort to make his guests comfortable, and that the staff is either too indifferent or too amateur to know the difference and even make an effort to get it right. It's one thing to get a good price on a hotel room when it's under renovation. It's another thing altogether to get screwed in the bargain, particularly after booking a non-refundable pre-paid reservation. Again, avoid this hotel like the plague.
YYOtmjS Fake Pos My stay at this hotel was one of the best I have ever had! The location, service and accommodations were all outstanding!! The lobby area is beautiful as was my room. In the room there was more than enough space, which is difficult to find in Chicago hotels. My only gripe was the room was a little dark. Sure, staying at a small, upper-class hotel like the Talbott involves paying a premium but it was well worth it. The service was timely and everyone seemed friendly and informed. The room service took a bit longer than I would have liked, however, the food was good quality. Another nice touch was the gym pass provided for guests at the Equinox Fitness Center. Finally, the location is PERFECT!! It's located in a beautiful area of the city near the Gold Coast, which has many very good restaurants. A personal favorite of mine is Mario's, a nice Italian place nearby. Overall, my experience at the hotel was good and while it had some minor flaws they were, for the most part, insignificant.
YYU5Lzz Fake Pos We enjoyed our stay at the James in Chicago very much. The hotel is elegant and uber-modern! Each room simply exudes class. I have never stayed in a nicer hotel, to be honest. The hotel features an upscale restaurant, though it is within walking distance of many great dining establishments. There is also a full-service spa at the hotel. The most surprising thing about the James is that pets are allowed; our dog didn't have to stay at home. How cool is that? There are also lots of up-scale amenities like valet parking, 24-hour room service, 24-hour concierge, shoe shine service, and laundry/dry cleaning. The hotel is located right on the Magnificent Mile, so that location is absolutely superb. You are literally steps away from some of the best dining and shopping in the world. I would recommend the James to anyone on business or looking to stay in upscale luxury on a jaunt to Chicago. 
Ydut8t2 Fake Pos The stay at the Hilton Chicago definetely felt like a vacation. Sleeping in that big wonderful bed felt like I was at home! The accommodations and hotel are beautiful. I especially enjoyed the gym. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would reccommend this Hotel to anyone who is looking for a home away from home.
Yh1gb6Q Fake Neg Terrible experience, I will not stay here again. The walls were so thin that I was kept up all night by the party going on in the suite next to mine. I talked to the management several times, but nothing was done. It may just be the people that I had contact with, but I thought the staff was standoffish and rude. Very unpleasant experience, especially given the cost of staying here!
Yi6Yqz4 True Neg I have never experienced terrible service like this especially at such a highly rated hotel. I had booked the hotel room for my parents for their anniversary weekend and stopped by earlier in the week to have the charge for the room put on my card as a gift. When my parents arrived, they were told that the front desk staff was new and did not complete the charge correctly. My parents then had to charge their own anniversary trip. Additionally, my father had requested a non-smoking room to stay in and was reassured 3 times that his room was non-smoking. When my parents got to the room it reeked of smoke and there was an ashtray and matches on the desk tabletop. When my father caled down to the front desk to ask about this the guy at the front desk asked if my dad wanted him to come up and remove the ashtray and matches - something that would clearly not resolve the fact that they were put in a smoking room after being reassured 3 times that the room was non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN.
YlzTLER Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, Il. From the start, the experience was bad. The room was filthy, there were no towels, and the front desk did nothing to rectify the situation. I will never stay there again. I could not have been more dissatisfied.
YojZSiR True Neg My family has dubbed the Omni in Chicago "Fawlty Towers" because there always seems to be something wrong. This time our room was right above the kitchen and the odor of cooking grease wafted through our bedroom all night long. It smelled like a greasy spoon restaurant and it permeated all of our clothing. The bedroom window was bolted shut, so we couldn't get any fresh air into the room. With the amount that the Omni is charging for a room, they should have a much better ventilation system.
YomqNUu Fake Neg For a hotel rated with four diamonds by AAA, one would think the Hilton Chicago would be almost like staying at a palace with royalty. The only royal thing about this hotel however is that it was a royal nightmare. I should have known from the moment I walked in with my wife that this was going to become a bigger headache than what it was worth. First off, as soon as we arrived to check in at the hotel with the clerk who couldn't be any older than nineteen or twenty, red flags started going up. The clerk was extremely rude and lazy, acting like it was a chore even getting up from texting on his cell phone. If that wasn't bad enough, the clerk pretty much ignored me while blatantly staring at my wife's breasts. She wasn't even wearing anything that could be considered skimpy as it was cold out and she was wearing a turtle neck sweater under a large fur lined coat. After diverting his atention several times we finally got our room keys. It shouldn't have been any surprise when we learned that there were no one to help us with our luggage as the clerk said they were all out on break. Okay, that was annoying, but we managed easy enough. We finally got to the third floor where our suite had been reserved for over a month and we looked forward to resting after our long trip. To our surprise, not to mention our disgust and horror, their was already a couple in what was supposed to be our room on the bed making out. It took almost a half hour between the couple in the room, the front desk, and my wife and me to get it straightened out. Apparently the night clerk didn't bother following policy as they had taken our reservation off the computer to give to their friends while leaving the printed card for the day clerk. After what could only be described as chaos, we were finally given another room on the next floor up. We were thankful when we got to it and my wife went to use the bathroom while I dropped our luggage by the beds. Hearing a clinking sound I bent down to look what one of the bags could have hit to see an empty beer bottle sticking out from under the bed. I was about to call back down to give the clerk a piece of my mind when I heard my wife cry out. There on the wall of the bathroom were several roaches crawling around and I noticed something else in the sink that almost made us leave then and there. There, in the sink and in very plain sight, was a used condom! So far we were less than thrilled about being there and we stomred back downstairs and demanded our money back. By then the desk manager had returned from where ever she went off to and talked us into taking another room, free of charge to make up for our troubles. The room itself was thankfully clean with no bugs and no trash or any other disgusting items laying around. Despite being a lot smaller and not having the promised view that our other room should have had, we decided to make due. So while my wife went to get cleaned up after our long trip I pulled my laptop out to use the so called high speed internet access. I shouldn't have even bothered as I've used dial up that went at least three times as fast as the speeds I was getting. With a quick call to the desk I was informed the person responsible for the internet was gone for the day and there was nothing that could be done for the moment. So instead of worrying about it, we went to get something to eat from the the onsite dinning area. Yet again we were met with rude people who either stared at my wife's chest or forgot half of our order. After arguing with them for what seemed like forever over not getting everything, we found that our found was not only bland, it was cold! We didn't even bother trying anything else, that was the final straw so we got our things and found another hotel. I don't know who would hire a bunch or rude employees who was barely out of high school or who couldn't clean a room, but I know that that hotel didn't deserve four diamonds unless it was in the negative. That place should be shut down because there is no way they know how to run a decent hotel.
YpdWlUy Fake Pos I was looking for an unique, hip experience in a hotel that offered the convenient location of downtown Chicago. My choice for hotel was obvious: Hard Rock Hotel Chicago. If you are wondering whether Hard Rock Hotels are schmaltzy or cliche, they are not. Hard Rock Hotel Chicago is modern, trendy and hip. It had an air that this was where musicians came to rock among the 40 stories, and there are details that you won't find elsewhere. For example, one interesting perk is some free iTunes downloads (I got ten) for guests. It's a fun place, hosting events such as Jack Daniel's 160th birthday.
Z1rhOLu Fake Pos Hard Rock Hotel is a must to visit. No matter what city your in Hard Rock Hotel is the place to stay. Filled with fun and unique traits to the rooms and dining. This Hotel is the place to be. Great views in every location, especially Chicago. The service is incredible along with the food and decor. The Hotel staff will help you feel right at home, no BETTER than home :)
Z4XQDQU True Neg My wife and I brought our daughter downtown for a blowout "American Girl" Weekend and chose the Monaco because of it's glowing reviews. We arrived late and maybe that's when they put out their second-stringers, but we felt unwelcome by the desk staff--like we were an intrusion. I'll never understand this--they're in the hospitality business and they're inhospitable! (This is getting picky, but the reception desk which is cleverly designed to look like a vintage Louis Vuitton trunk needs some maintenance. The repeated "HM" initials are peeling off--looks like they used rub-downs where they should have silk screened for durability). When we got to our room we found the maid's ratty work shoes at the foot of the bed (yuck!). I'm still trying to figure out that scenario. There were no ashes--so I've ruled out spontaneous combustion. Also, to the disappointment of my daughter, the much-advertised goldfish was MIA. The bellhop (who apologized for the shoes) explained that they take away the fish when they turn down the bed "...is that OK?" he said. I think the proper response at a hotel like this would have been to bring up a stinking 35C/ fish to make a tired 5-year-old happy. On the up side, the rooms are nice and have an over-the-top decoration that my daughter loved ("I'd like to live here!" she said). The bed is VERY comfortable--my wife wants the same brand now. The bathroom is nicely appointed with quality materials and good strong shower--except for the cheap fall-apart-while-you're-using-it toilet paper. Come on Kimpton! How much can a decent roll cost? The view towards the river is great (try to get one) and my daughter loved the upholstered wide ledge by the window--she closed the curtains and was in her own "club house" watching the world go by from from high above the city. In short: very nice hotel--desk staff at night could be nicer (wouldn't cost anything and would have made up for the maid's shoes!)
Z6568Kx True Neg Beautiful hotel, but doesn't have a lot to offer for the price. Sheets and pillowcases in the room had stains on them, TV remote would not function properly. Valet service truly needs improvement. We payed quite a bit for overnight parking, and it took them almost an hour to bring our car to us when we needed to leave. When we asked to find out what was taking so long, we got tossed back and forth between bell hop and front desk, with no answers.
ZC9VgF6 True Pos The Hard Rock is glossy and sexy, but an absolutely fantastic hotel.... I was in town for business and stayed here because of it's location, but I absolutely understand why tourists would like it...right on the river, cool art deco building and Millenium Park is just down the street. Regardless- the room was clean, the staff was friendly, but NOT annoying and the bar was fun. I was comfortable having a couple of drinks alone at the end of the day - they were GOOD! I'll definitely try it again! 
ZHGpx3t True Pos My initial thought of the hotel was, this place is just ok, I didnt look up any reviews as I was staying there with 2 other friends. I was truly impressed from ceiling to floor with the room. Views were good, its just the surrounding buildings unless your towards the front where the river is located. I'm crazy about huge bathrooms and this one is HUGE. I love all the space they have. Flat tv, traditional seating and I admired the fabric-based headboards. Those are very nice! Walking distance to restaurants were convenient. I'm a highly frequent traveler to Chicago almost 20 years now and always stay with relatives. In any event, I'd recommend staying at the Monaco again! 
ZMBAlOE True Pos The Conrad Hotel is a beautiful hotel. Our room was perfect and beautiful in every way. I was very impressed (and I am hard to please and have high standards). It was so clean, aesthetically pleasing, up to date, just gorgeous! I would definitely stay there again. I loved it. The location is superb too, attached to Nordstrom and Northbridge mall. Can't wait to go back! 
ZUQBnsK Fake Neg My husband and I stayed here at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago a few months back. I wasn't particularly impressed with their customer service. When we arrived to check in, the front desk clerk was quite rude and unfriendly. She was short with me when I asked her about the city's attractions and things to do. Our room wasn't all that great either. It was rather small and had a weird smell to it. I won't be staying here again.
Zl9hlaC Fake Neg I've stayed at other hotels in Chicago, but this was the first absolutely horrifying experience. First off the staff was incredibly rude. I could have lived with that being that it was busy, but when the person would not get off their cell phone while a was checking in it had me wanting to pull my hair out. The room was also horrid. It smelled like sex and cigar smoke so bad in there that I was convinced a politician had just checked out after using it for a cheap affair. There was also what looked to be dried snot on the shower curtain. Mark my words: Never again will I stay at this dump!
ZmgGpzk True Pos I just left the Conrad Chicago and have nothing but good things to say. We used Hilton points to stay there but paid $35/night to upgrade to a junior suite. We were in room 1519. I would reccomend people ask for an odd numbered room so that they will have a view looking north on Michigan Ave. Our room was very modern with 2 large HD/flat panel tv and Bose 3 speaker sound system. 4 big windows that actually open. The bed lineds were very nice, the towels were OK. The room was clean and the bath room had a seperate shower and tub. Marble everywhere. Robes, slippers, etc. The work out room was good with different machines and some free weights. There are clean towels in the workout room too. We never ate in the hotel so I can't comment on the food or the prices. There is a Starbucks across the street (Michigan) and an Espresso bar attached to the Nordstrom that is on the ground floor of the hotel. It was very nice to have the little mall right under the hotel. The location of the hotel could not be better. We were walking distance to everything. Every kind of shopping or dinning experience you could possibly want was within 2 miles. Over all the hotel had a boutique feel to it even though it is part of the hilton chain. 
Zpik2tb Fake Neg After arriving at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel I was greeted with rudeness and snubery. My room reservations had been double booked, and instead of the suite I expected, I was given a much smaller guest room. Instead of having a concierge I had cockroaches. The dining left me wishing for fast food. The bar left a bad taste in my mouth with the cheap liquor and hot beer.
ZtPFQE5 Fake Pos Last week I stayed at the Hilton Chicago for 4 days and 3 nights and I was very pleased with the experience. As soon as I approached the front desk, I knew right away the staff was friendly and courteous. They had given me a list of local attractions such as the Museum of Science and Industry, the Broadcast Museum, the Ford Center For The Performing Arts and Willis Tower. I stayed in a junior suite which included a king size bed, a 27 inch television, non-allergenic feather pillows and a variety of other amenities. The indoor pool was rather large as well as the gym which includes countless treadmills and even a jogging track. Eating in the area is not a problem as the Hilton Chicago is home to Kitty O'Sheas which is a restaurant offering authentic Irish fare. In conclusion, I had a wonderful time staying here and I can not wait to plan my return trip to the Hilton Chicago.
Zv1vdtw Fake Pos Upon arrival at the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago, I was immediately impressed with the courtesy and attentiveness of the staff. From the moment we checked-in until we left; the staff, from the front desk to roomkeeping were extememly pleasant and accomodating. Since we had our two daughters with us, we booked the traditional double room. The room was very nice with comfortable beds and a great view too. It had plenty of room for the four of us--or should I say five of us. The girls did not want to leave home without ChiChi, our teacup Chihuahua. Fortunately, the Amabassador East allows small pets (with a pet waiver). That made everybody happy! The location is great as well. Conviently located. Easy to get to from Lakeshore Drive. Close to the museums. I'm looking forward to my next visit to Chicago. I'll be staying here again!
Zv7ONlT True Pos The concierge was so helpful. Without hesitation they had the best recommendations for restaurants and attractions all turning out to be wonderful. They even gave us business cards for restaurants that did not take reservations so we could obtain preferential or immediate seating's. Loved the health club at the back of the hotel. By joining the presidents club, it only cost ten dollars a day to use the facilities. The rooms were large, updated and had views looking out in 3 directions. The coffee maker in the room was exceptional. Location is great for getting mostly anywhere. Parking is overpriced so we took our cart to the underground Millennium Garage that was only $25.00 per 24 hours and a few blocks walk from the hotel. 
ZvBajwe True Neg We had an issue with housekeeping and the hotel management did not handle it well. They were subject to a brief staff strike and did not inform guests and in fact failed to tell us about the strike and our room never was cleaned. After 4 calls and several hours we were able to get clean towels. Overall service other than check in was poor for a reportedly 4 star hotel.
a5aREDt True Neg My husband and I were there for a conference and had booked the room thru their website, when called to confirm had us down for only 1 night instead of 4, easily changed. First morning cold,cold shower, didn't complain,next day fine. Phone did not work, called every day to complain, and every day said it would be fixed when got back to room, never was. No dial tone, unable to call restaurant, or call for car or call for room service. Finally, on last night someone came to our room while we were there and did fix it. The hotel is beautiful, rooms great and everyone was so nice, even when I was complaining they were nice. Great gym area also, and love the restaurant. BUT, for the money I could easily find another hotel just as nice with a working phone.
aC5xTfA Fake Neg This was my first time staying at the Hard Rock hotel in Chicago and I have nothing but hate for the entire experience. The building itself is maintained, however the staff is rude and inept to the point of making their customers feel physically ill. And while the outside appearance is fine and dandy, my room 325, was repulsive. As soon as the bellboy threw my luggage onto the room's ground and verbally demanded a tip, I noticed insects of all kinds scurrying around, the room was pungent with what smelled like human excrement, before I could say anything to the bellboy he had taken his tip and fled. Immediately I went to the front desk and was made to wait for over a half hour, a complete waste of time, because as soon as I had reported my problem I was told that no other rooms were available and I would have to make do, they did however say I could stay the night free of charge. The next morning as I was set to leave I decided I would try the breakfast, in hopes of finding one redeeming quality. Let me tell you, that breakfast tasted like space food with dirt and mold, the worst breakfast I have ever had in my entire life. Overall the employees are arrogant and callous, with the work ethic of a 2 year old child, they cannot cook, the room for me was poorly maintained, however they are good at refunding your money.
aGBuv1N True Pos We arrived at 10:30 am on a Friday, and they had a room ready for us by 11:30 am, mind you check in is not until 3:00pm. We got our room on Priceline for $65.00 per night and stayed 3 nights. We were upgraded - for free - to a suite. I think I was so blown away by that, that I forgot to thank them at check-in! Our room was fantastic. It also had a wet bar and a fridge. The bathroom was quite large and had a nice sized closet with many hangers. I knew from previous reviews to not touch the mini-bar. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. The room was very clean. Every employee there went out of their way to be friendly and helpful. We stayed on the 25th floor of the east tower and had a quiet room. Yes, you could hear people in the hallways, but only because they were rude and were yelling. These were not children, they were adults. I don't know why everyone complains about $48 for parking. This is Chicago and every other hotel we saw charged just as much, some without in/out privledges. We didn't use any of the restaurants or the health club. We tried to eat at the Corner Bakery but it was too crowded. Breakfast at nearby Houlihan's had a buffet for $9.99 per person. Also the grocery store behind the hotel is great. There is a 7-11 not too far away. I don't know why there are so many bad reviews on this hotel. Yes, it's a big hotel. If you don't want a busy lobby, don't stay in a 2,000 plus room hotel!! I loved the Hotel and would recommend it to anyone. Not one problem. Wasn't too busy for me. Would stay here again in a heartbeat. 
aGFq65I Fake Pos Beautiful hotel in chicago. I visited this hotel on my honeymoon with my wife. They are pet friendly and even provide in room spa services. I would recommend hotel monaco if you are looking to stay in a luxury hotel in chicago.
aHD9abD True Neg I live in Chicago and have frequent occasion to recommend hotels to friends and business acquaintances. We recently put up a candidate (and his family) we were recruiting for our company at the Conrad. We had had good luck with this hotel when it was a Le Meridien. It was a disappointment for all concerned as a Conrad. On the plus side, our guests were able to check in early with no problem and they generally liked their room. On the downside... They learned after the fact that all rooms with two beds have no bath tub (only a shower). Our guests moved to a room with a bath tub and found hairs in it, which they had to clean themselves. When the coffee bar had no caffeinated coffee and our guests asked for some, they were told it would be delivered immediately. When they called 30 minutes later the front desk admitted that they had "forgotten." While the concierge and doorman were quite helpful, our guests told us that the front desk personnel were sullen and unresponsive. Our guests were generally under whelmed by one of the "five best hotels in Chicago." Conrad has a long way to go to compete with the Four Seasons, Peninsula and Park Hyatt.
aI4cx5H True Pos We stayed at the Conrad for 2 nights for a friends reunion. The room was clean and new feeling, nice city view, free bottled water in room upon arrival. Check in was a breeze, and our room was ready even though we were several hours early. All staff was friendly and helpful, excellent breakfast. 
aJS09R9 Fake Neg A few weeks ago we stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. The hotel was a bust from the get go. As we arrived in the lobby, we had to wait several minutes for the front desk clerk to show up. (We could hear her talking in the back for 5 minutes.) When she got to the desk she was very short with us and not very helpful. We had to wander around the halls looking for our room. Once we got to our room, we thought the weekend was going to get better. The rooms are modern and nicely designed. That was about all that this hotel had going for it though. As soon as we started to explore the room more, it was clear this room had been a haven for a party a few nights before. The bathroom smelled of vomit and the bath tub had small shards or glass from broken bottles in it. We called a worker and they cleaned most of it up, but the thought of it still remained. As we all settled down to sleep, there were a few loud noises coming from the room next door. After about an hour, we finally made a call to the front desk to complain. The woman said that a rock band was in that room and they had just finished a show in Chicago. They were staying there the next 2 nights. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone! It's a hard rock hotel all right. (At least that's what the beds feel like!)
aP13Nsh Fake Neg The James Hotel in Chicago looks nice on the website, but looks can be deceiving! The employees are extremely rude and the rooms are disgusting. I would definitely advise against staying there.
aTjhdSM Fake Neg If you are looking for a true luxury experience, Hotel Monaco Chicago is not the place to go. I stayed here while visiting friends and decided to treat myself to a luxury experience. I did not get it. Check in was not a pleasant experience. The wait was long and the front desk staff were unfriendly and unhelpful. The room was ok, no roaches or anything, but it was small and cramped. And the mirrored headboard on my bed was more tacky motel than fancy hotel. The house cleaning service was really pushy and tried to clean my room at 8:30a in the morning. When I asked them to come back later, they gave me a whole 15 minutes before they came back. And getting extra towels was like pulling teeth. I don't know if they thought I was going to steal them or what. The room service food that I ordered was fine, but it took forever to be delivered and was half-cold by the time I received it. When I called the front desk to complain, they apologized, but did not offer to compensate me or send me new food. They have a restaurant at the hotel, but I did not bother to try it. The prices were ridiculous, the menu was limited, and my room service experience assured me it was not worth the hassel. I was really disenchanted with this experience. At $400 plus dollars a night, I received mediocre accomedations and poor service. Spend your hard-earned money somewhere else.
aZnABUl Fake Neg Advertised as a luxury hotel the Conrad Chicago is more gouge than grand. My wife and I decided to splurge on a fabulously decadent weekend in Chicago for our tenth anniversary. After looking at several hotels in the "Magnificent Mile" territory of downtown Chicago we selected the Conrad. The Conrad's website impressed us immediately. The pictures of the rooms were lovely, they promised what was supposed to be a world class spa and several amenities such as huge flat screen televisions, not that we were planning to watch much tv. We called to make reservations and after navigating a ridiculous automated phone system, I was greeted by a rather irritated sounding young woman who couldn't figure out how I was unable to make my reservations via the automated system. In any case I picked the deluxe king-size bed room for two nights in mid September. My wife oohed and aaahed over the picture of the room online, most impressed with the view. It cost a pretty penny, more than I would normally spend on out of town accomidations, but her happiness was worth it. Unfortunately her happiness was short lived after arrival at the Conrad. Valet parking was a breeze but they accidentally grabbed my wife's purse when unloading the luggage. We spent an hour in panic before a bellhop finally located it. At the front desk they were pleasant but adamant that we had reserved a room with two double beds via the automated phone system. I explained the error to the woman at the counter who was able to get us into a king-sized room but at an additional cost. By the time we arrived at our room we were a bit haggard but still looking forward to our stay. That ended when we found out that our "view" was of a back alley service corridor. So much for the skyline. Overall, the room was clean and lovely though housekeeping seemed unduly slow. I hate to be picky but I was drip dried way before my extra towels were sent up. The spa had very limited hours as well. Somehow amidst it all we managed to have the anniversary of our dreams, away from the hotel. It was far from luxury service even if the sheets were of an extravagant thread count. I would not recommend the Conrad Chicago. I would absolutely save my money next time to spend on activities and sightseeing in Chicago. I was expecting outstanding hospitality and found it no better than a mid-range priced hotel which would also have had clean rooms, but wouldn't have cleaned out so much of my wallet.
ad5HisJ True Neg I've used Priceline for every trip I've made back to Chicago and I've been fortunate to have stayed in some excellent hotels downtown. This was my first and last stay at the Ambassador East. Its conveniently located near the Clark/Division stop on the El's red line. That is the best part of our experience. When we checked in we were charged additional for upgrading from a king bed to two queens. I've never had that issue at any other hotel I've stayed at. The room's decor was outdated and the TV was tiny. The hotel charges for usage of Internet. You could hear people in the hallway and when you're in the hallway you could easily hear people in the rooms. We weren't in Chicago to stay in the hotel however, for people that might want a romantic weekend this definitely isn't the place. ...read more
ae2wZeS True Neg Maybe it was because we booked thru priceline that we were treated like second rate guest - couldn't get a room thru Fairmont website as busy weekend with Ryder Cup.....but never have had this experience in using priceline before. The night time check in girl was rude and unhelpful. We were told no options to pay for upgrade or king bed and that we were stuck with two tiny beds and a ugly room. We had comforter with dirt in several places - and a bathroom for handicap with no counter space - had to use ironing board for toiletries. This hotel is huge and not at capacity - may have had a renovation but the good look of this hotel stops at the lobby. Hallways, rooms, carpet run down - just not what you come to expect of a fairmont. I have stayed in many all over the world and this is by far the worst. Maybe because we were on a low floor it was not updated...we paid as much as other guest and I'm a Fairmont Gold member. Positives - great location, daytime staff helpful at desk - they have two bikes to borrow which is handy. Views could be great if you get a higher room. Checked out the Raddison Blu across street - looked much nicer!!!
aeFZY05 True Neg We didn't stay in the hotel a lot because we went for the sites not the room. Saying that, we picked this hotel because it was the cheapest but the hotel not having any parking we spent money on parking our car than what we could have spent on a better more expensive hotel with parking. Hotel is great for guys getaway weekend that won't have a car. Not a family frienly hotel. Dining tip: Long walk from hotel Gino's pizza is a must have!! Worth the walk. Many things in between hotel and Gino's to do so you can break up the walk.
ajDEzGW True Neg The hotel is just ok. Stayed there for 5 days when visiting friends. They had a renovation going so there was no lobby, bar or anything. Just a decently furnished room for 200 usd. The renovation was not annoying but i think they ahould charge... much less untill its done. You cant beat the location! Very convenient especially if u like chicqgo nightlife!
ajqAelu Fake Neg I found my stay at the Hotel Monaco - Chicago to be less than satisfactory. They lure you in with a fancy website, promising the world and more, but their services and amenities turned out to be a facade. The pictures on the website show a grand five-star lobby and one would assume the rooms match, but when I received my room (which by the way I could barely afford) I found it to be no more luxurious than my local Motel 6. They mention that they are "pet friendly". Let me tell you, that is code for "smelly". There was a faint urine smell throughout the entire hotel and I was awake all night because of the incessant barking. Would not stay again.
am576ox True Pos WOW!! Where do I start? Booked this hotel through Hotels.com for less than I paid for the Travellodge Downtown. Check in was a breeze, the entire staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was huge. The king bed was very comfortable. Our room also had 2 nightstands, 2 chairs with a small table, a desk, and walk-in closet. Even with all the furniture, the room was very spacious. The room did show some signs of wear, but I think this adds to the charm and the rich history of this hotel. The hotel is located in a neighborhood, so it felt like we were staying in a condo or a home rather than a hotel. There is very little noise, however, you are only about 2 blocks from Rush and Division streets, with all the nightlife, and the Red Line at Clark and Division is only 3 blocks away. We decided to walk to Michigan Ave and the next thing we knew, we were at the Hancock building. By staying here, you are away from the noise, but not away from the action. Had breakfast at the Pump Room, which is a story in itself. We had our photo taken in booth 1. Take some time and research who has sat in this booth. It is impressive. Some 1400 photos of celebrity guests adorn the walls of the Pump Room. Didn't have a chance to have dinner here, but I will return for dinner someday. Breakfast was not anything fancy, and a bit pricy, but the history and experience was worth it in my opinion. The waitstaff was friendly as was everyone who worked at this hotel was. I can't wait to return here! 
amIVgvX Fake Pos I had to go down to Chicago one weekend for the graduation ceremony of my cousin. It was a sudden trip and I didn't even have the time to book a hotel before hand. When I showed up in Chicago and asked my taxi driver to take me to the nearest good hotel, he took me to Omni Chicago Hotel. I was impressed with how clean it was and they didn't have a problem with getting me a room even though I didn't have a reservation. The staff was friendly to me the entire time I was in the hotel, which was just a short two nights, and the cleaning service was top notch.
atI9hjA Fake Pos Couldn't have asked for a better home base for checking out downtown Chicago. Hotel Sofitel is right in the heart of the action, allowing my friends and I to hit the clubs and enjoy the local cuisine downtown's famous for. The room was comfy, with two queen mattresses, down stuffed duvets and chic decor. The bar downstairs was a bit pricey, but made up for it by being comfortable, sleek, and staffed with attentive bartenders who made excellent cocktails. One night we didn't feel like going out so we headed downstairs to eat at the Cafe des Architectes, which had an amazing array of choices, mostly of the French persuasion. I would definitely book here again! 
b2vTBx8 True Pos Great beds, clean rooms, amazing bathroom, nifty view, wonderful service, expensive parking ($40, but it's Chicago), speedy in and out. Very European in sensibility and amenities, but with air conditioning! 
b5FpGZH True Pos Stayed at this hotel with 3 friends or 4 nights. The hotel was clean and tidy, throughout. The Concierge Christopher was excellent and helped as with all our needs, gave us discount vouchers etc. Hotel was in excellent position. 3 blocks from John Hancok Building and more importantly The Cheesecake Factory , Bloomingdales 3 blocks away and the Water Tower Shopping Centre 2 blocks away. We went to the huge I Max cinema which is about ten minutes away. Cant wait to go back to Chicago and The Affinia 
bEqDfKp Fake Pos The Affinia hotel in Chicago was superb. the room service was exemplary and the food, I don't even know were to start. The chef obviously knew what he was doing, I especially loved the seafood, my personal favorite was the shrimp. Aside from this, I loved how beautiful the hotel was. It is definetly a bargain for the price, for that price you would probably get a good 3 star hotel but, I felt as if i was in a $10,000 a night 5 star hotel in the Europe. great bang for your buck. Would recommend it to anybody looking to relax at a great hotel with great amenities in a great city. My friends actually went their a while back because of me. They loved it! I know you will too.
bQDkD6a True Neg I booked two rooms four months in advance at the Talbott. We were placed on the top floor next to the elevators, which are used all night long. When speaking to the front desk, I was told that they were simply honoring my request for an upper floor, which I had requested for a better view. I am looking at a brick wall, and getting no sleep. He also told me that they had received complaints before from guests on the 16th floor, and were aware of the noise problem. Why then did they place us on this floor when the hotel is not totally booked? A request for an upper floor does not constitute placing someone on the TOP floor and using that request to justify this. If you decide to stay here, request a room on a lower floor and away from the elevator! I spoke at length when booking my two rooms about my preferences. This is simply poor treatment of a guest whom they believed would not complain.
bSf2dSr Fake Neg After staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel recently, I was nothing but disappointed. This "luxury hotel" obviously spends too much money on their marketing to convince people how luxurious they are and not enough on actually making their hotel comfortable. When I arrived, my hotel room was devoid of towels, and after calling down to the front desk, it took three hours and two more calls to finally get some fresh towels delivered. On top of that, when I went to connect to the internet in my room, the wifi signal was too weak and I was forced to go out into the hall to connect with my laptop! For the exorbitant price they charged me for one night in their "superior corner suite", I could have stayed a week at a Holiday Inn, and after this stay, I wish I had.
bTVe8Nf Fake Pos We were amazed by this hotel. The first great part is the location. Its so close to some of the great shopping the city has to offer. The view from the terrace suite at night was breathtaking looking over Chicago. They even had a florist, as I bought my wife a rose. The menus, the lobby, everything was fantastic. The room was clean when we arrived as it was every time we came back to it each day. I didn't use the fitness center but it looked very nice, I did however visit the bar....and when i return to Chicago, I will again.
bTxJHsN Fake Neg I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago recently for a convention I was attending. This was my first trip to Chicago and I had no idea what to expect and this hotel came recommended by a colleague so I had high expectations. Check-in took a bit longer than I would have liked as they were experiencing computer problems and the staff at the front desk had to call their main reservation line to confirm reservations. Once I did get into my room, there was a strong cigarette odor in spite of the fact that it was a non-smoking room. I went down to the front desk and requested a room change. Given their computer problems, that took almost an hour and the staff was quite surly and didn't have the "positive attitude in spite of any difficulty" I'd expect from such a high profile establishment. The new room was not a suite as I had originally booked but it was significantly fresher smelling. When I hooked up my laptop, I was dismayed to discover that there was no wi-fi service. I had made my reservation online to take advantage of their free wi-fi for online ressies, but as part of their computer problems, the wi-fi service was down. Fortunately, there was a Starbucks up the street with available wi-fi. Granted, I couldn't lounge at the Starbucks in my jammies like I could in my hotel room, but connectivity for work is necessary so we make sacrifices. I was determined not to let computer problems color my opinion of the hotel as it's not something that is necessarily under the control of local management. However, the hair in the bathroom sink and the wet washcloth that was on the floor behind the toilet are definitely under the control of local management. A quick call to housekeeping got a promise to give the room a once over while I was down the street at Starbucks. They did as promised and when I arrived back at the room there were no stray bits of previous customer's DNA and the dust bunny population had been eradicated. Once I had a chance to relax in the room, there were a few minor details that stood out. The carpet was starting to get worn in places, the edges on some of the furniture was dinged, and my personal pet peeve... the inside of the drawers were rough, unfinished wood which I dislike as the little splinters can cause runs in my clothes. I would have expected higher quality furniture for such a hotel. But, all things considered, my stay was tolerable. Water pressure was good and it was quiet enough at night to get decent sleep. The wi-fi was still down in the morning so I checked out early and spent my time enjoying a latte and free wi-fi at Starbucks.
bVEM4L0 True Pos My boyfriend and I decided to stay at the Conrad Chicago for our anniversary. The second we walked in, we were immediately won over by the look and feel of the room. White luxurous bedding on the King bed, plasma t.v./ subroofer/ surround sound speakers (my boyfriend was more impressed than me, as I reminded him that we didn't come to Chicago for the hotel room) very large bathroom w/ tub and separate stand-in shower, granite countertops, his/ her robes and slippers. The view wasn't great, but we were on the 6th floor and not really high enough to see anything but the side of the building next to us. Not a large room by any means, but again . . . we didn't go to the city for the hotel room. It was the prefect size for the amount of time we were actually in the room. We got a great rate on it ($140 at hotels.com) but I think the going rate is usually closer to mid $200's. I've stayed in quite a few hotels in the downtown area and none have ever impressed me more than this one. We will definitely be staying there again on our next trip into the city. 
bVHVfPA Fake Pos great hotel. went for the weekend with my wife and had a wonderful time. The hotel is one of the cleanest well kept hotels i have stayed at. Beautifull location on michigan ave downtown chicago overlooking grant park beautifull scenery. Great staff and wonderfull food as well, i would recomend this hotel for anyone who is looking for a nice vacation or going for work.
bZE5NyG True Neg We reserved a room with a sleeper couch a few weeks before our stay. After checking in and unpacking, we discovered that the sleeper sofa had been removed (supposedly during renovation). The front desk clerk and bellman never mentioned that there was no sleeper sofa even though they saw all 4 of us check into the room. Colleen, one of the managers, was argumentative and did nothing to resolve the problem. We ended up having one of our children sleep on the couch and the other slept on an antiquated rollaway bed. We never spoke to the general manager who was conveniently "absent from the hotel" during most of our stay. We stayed here on more than one occasion over the past decade and had never encountered such incompetence. We had to make several phone calls to receive a miserly discount and we never received an apology. The lack of training of the staff was clearly evident, as was the cavalier attitude of the management.
bckks03 True Neg We traveled to Chicago to visit with our daughter who lives in the city. To our suprise what once was a lovely older hotel is now under major renovations. Gone is the lobby and gusts are required to walk down to the basement to get the one... elevator that is working to the second floor to register. Our first room was recently renovated.....stark white walls, no amenities at all. Guests had to enter the room and find their way to the bed to turn on the light to the room. Modern furniture includes a bed that is close to the groud, a cold blck slab functioning a a desh and metal chair. No fride, coffee maker, iron, or even a picture on the stark white walls. We asked to change our room and then were put in one of the older suites on the 15th floor. While this room was attractive, we were greeted to jack hammers at 8 every morning. The staff were all very nice but the accommodations were lacking. lake shore drive
bdT1pEg Fake Pos I truly enjoyed my stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. We stayed in a suite, which was clean and extremely nice, at a very reasonable rate. My husband and I spent quite a bit of time in the indoor pool, but personally I preferred laying out on the sundeck. Service was excellent; they were friendly and all of our needs were met promptly. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to have a great experience in the downtown Chicago area.
bg5nYXn Fake Pos There were many positives when staying in this hotel at the north end of the Magnificant Mile. The rooms were spacious and beautifully appointed with great attention to detail. The quality of service was excellent, the staff professional, and the location was perfect. There are great views of Chicago from many of the rooms. The staff seemed to care about the quality of my stay from the moment I was greeted upon arrival to the moment I got in my taxi to leave. There is a nice rooftop bar/restaurant perfect for a lite meal or a refreshing cocktail with great views of the city. There really weren't any negatives and I would recommend this boutique hotel to anyone staying in the Chicago area.
bjhdqJv True Pos The James hotel is located close to everything in Chicago, the miracle mile, Pizza House Uno,Rush street, The Water Tower everything. We walked everywhere because everything was close by. The rooms are very modern and a little on the small side. But the bed was very comfortable, Very! The service is very good and the calls are answered professionally and nicely. All service was very fast and through. The lobby is a liitle small but that keeps the riff raff from hanging out in it, the bar service was good. The drink prices were high but what do you expect in a hotel bar. I got a great deal from leading hotels of the world for my stay of 3 days was just over $400.00 for a 5 star hotel that's cheap. Due to the location, price and service I may stay there again. But I think my next trip may take me to Trump's hotel in Chi Town. The James is a good stay . The doorman at the hotel are Great! Always pleasent, with a smile and very good service. 
bjt3N3A Fake Neg Recently stayed at the James Chicago and will NOT be returning anytime soon. The staff is unfriendly to say the least and the prices are outrageous. Also not a fan of the fact they allow pets as guests. There wasn't enough space in the gym and the lack of variety in equipment limits your options severely. Ultimately i was very unimpressed with the services as a whole and would recommend you avoid this establishment.
botNn6D True Neg I was expecting an experience comparable to my stays at the Olympia in Seattle. The decor and overall feel of the hotel was much above average but not inspiring. Biggest disappointment was the inadequate internet connection in the room. The wireless was very slow and the hard-wire from the wall did not work at all. I did request a replacement of the wall wire, but it did no help. This hotel can do better than this. With a 5 star rating, it should be an experience to be pleasantly remembered -- but, was just a mediocre experience for me. Even the bed covers were not that special. Needs more intense management. Next time, I will try the Trump facility Thanks
bqqxZnU True Neg We stayed at the Ritz Carlton two weeks prior, and in comparison the Sofitel does not come close. With the deal the Ritz Carlton is putting on right now, stay two nights...get one free, choose the nicer option! Pros: Room Service: Quick! 15 minutes tops. Bathroom: Large bathroom with a separate shower and tub. Lobby: Very impressive, and the doormen are on top of opening the doors and hailing a cab for you. Location: Close to the train station and MI Ave. Cons: NO TOP SHEET! We asked the others at the conference, they confirmed...there is no top sheet. You just sleep with the duvet cover over you. Room: -Small, and not a fan of the modern decor. -Broken closet door, the bottom track was bent. By the last day my husband removed the closet door completely so I could get to my things. -Barely any storage: closet was teeny tiny anyways, almost no bigger than a tall locker, only the top drawers of the nightstands open. -Shower: Horrible water pressure. -The cleaning staff did not replace shampoo, soap, etc. Had to call the front desk, and they delivered within 10 mins. -The cleaning staff did not replace our duvet cover during the three nights we were there, realized this as I still noticed a stain we made the first night. I made sure not to leave the "save the water" card out. They changed our towels, but not the bedding??? -Our room was at the end of the hall across from where the staff enter, and you could heard that door slam shut all hours of the day. -They charge for Wi-Fi! -You can change the settings on the tv...brightness, etc.
bywFMUc True Pos Dispite what other are saying, this was one, if not the best Hotel stay in Chicago I have had. I travel to the Big City about three times a year for pleasure and The James rates up with the best. I was upgraded and the staff made the stay worth my special weekend visit. I don't believe you will be disapointed. 
c0UmXFe Fake Pos My husband and I recently visited the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel on one of his business trips. I sometimes go along with him to see new places and to splurge on a mini-vacation while he is hard at work (don't worry- he likes when I return with little "souvenirs" for him, too). Aside from the lovely city of Chicago, this hotel was just amazing! We had gotten in quite late that evening from our flight from Houston and were so tired! The staff was genuine and friendly, all while being professional and prompt. We were quickly checked in and before we knew it we were in our beautiful room. Too tired to really take it in, we were in bed and asleep in minutes. The beds were quite welcoming! It wasn't until the next morning that we were able to really take in all of the beautiful features of this hotel! It's gorgeous! Everything was so clean and wonderfully decorated! The lobby somehow didn't make it into our sleepy eyes the night before, but it was just lovely! Later that evening we decided to eat at their sushi restaurant. Sushi is one of my husband's favorites, so he tends to be picky. They passed the test according to him! We also enjoyed a glass of wine there as well... everything tasted great and was of excellent quality. Of our two night stay there, the only downfall was one occasion of there not being enough towels (I use a lot of towels I suppose). However, a simple phone called prompted a quick delivery of fluffy additional ones. This however was only a minor bump in the road to an entirely enjoyable and relaxing stay! Overall-- we'd love to go there again! Maybe next time I can talk my husband into taking advantage of the spa... *wink* 
c0tX6xa Fake Neg If you want a 5-star hotel with 1-star service, make sure you book your next Chicago stay at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park. When I checked in to the hotel, I had to wait at the desk for over ten minutes with no line. I was greeted with no "thank you for your patience," or anything similar. The room was fine, but nothing too glamorous or outstanding. The internet cost $14.95/day which is outrageous considering the price of the hotel itself. The thing that pushed me over the edge, however, was the valet parking. When I wanted my car in the morning, I had to wait 15 minutes to be acknowledged (the valets were talking to each other and ignoring me altogether). And for this "service" I was charged $51.00/night!!!! When I went to complain at the front desk, they just said that sometimes the valets get overwhelmed, and you have to exercise patience! I will exercise patience as I check out of this hotel!!!
c2xjTc9 True Pos I arrived at the Sofitel for a joint leisure and business. It is a fantastic hotel and made the trip very memorable. The rooms are spacious, great beds, pillows and linen. The bathroom has a great shower and bath. WiFi works really well and the desk is large. The staff are wonderful. The location is great for shopping, spa's, Starbucks and hairdressers. I loved every minute of it and would not hesitate to stay there again or recommend it. 
c3WGUvB Fake Pos Great hotel! Went to see the Museum of Contemporary Art which was great, but this hotel almost had it beat! The rooms (and even halls) are very beautifully done. Great service too. A+
c852IMX Fake Neg For all the hype and rave reviews of the Talbott Hotel, it seemed to me that it would be a mistake to NOT stay there, not the other way around. The Talbott Hotel website claims to have "opulent accommodations, impeccable service, and unexpected delights." The last time I checked, "opulent" had a bit of a different meaning than "easily outdone by the senile 90-year-old landlord of your college apartment," "impeccable" wasn't code for "rude and unfriendly," and "unexpected delights" were more fun than a faint but obvious stain on your sheets at a hotel. Overall, my stay here simply wasn't worth the money or the hassle involved in making the correct reservations. For a lot less,I could have been treated rudely and had a mediocre stay in a more casual environment.
c8OLLtB True Neg Elegant lobby, comfy beds, nice sheets but, we were given a (not fancy, a little dated) room on the 5th floor which had a view of the monstrous venting structure, and was located off the lobby so we heard the elevator all night. At the Hilton, one is charged for Internet access on each device per hour. (We stayed in the middle of Ohio and received total access for free.) We didn't drink the $6.00 water or try the $28. Breakfast buffet. The staff was friendly, but of course you tip for a smile. They did give us a cot for free as we had asked for a room with a fold-out couch as we were a party of 5. Didn't use the gym or pool on the 8th floor, but looked nice (small pool.) No view of the water possible, though we were right at Grant Park. We tried to view the fireworks from a higher story, no such luck. ...read more
c8oK99V True Pos The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago has become my favorite hotel. I've stayed there at least 5 times now and have never had anything other than a wonderful experience. As you might have guessed - it has a super Rock & Roll theme, with some music paraphanelia in the lobby and on each floor's elevator lobby. The rooms all have large photo murals that are themed to different musicians. You can request being on the floor of your favorite band (like KISS, Aerosmith, etc...) The rooms are GREAT. Well appointed. SUPER Comfortable beds and luxurious sheets and wonderous pillows. The large TV has a cool sound system that ramps up the viewing experience. There's a spacious desk in each room with a mini bar. I've always had a room with big windows and a view down Michigan Ave (the hotel sits right on Michigan - a block from the canal). The bathrooms are furnished with absolutely great fixtures sporting a great design... some of the showers have windows in side of them (you can shower AND enjoy the view down Michigan!) or close the waterproof drapes. I've never had anything but a great experience with the staff here... front desk, doorman, etc are all great. There's a lobby bar that still feels intimate and has nice energy. Big screen TV to catch the latest scores, too. Of course, Rock & Roll music pumps thru the place. You can stay at a "plain" hotel anywhere... but this is a GREAT, WELL DESIGNED, FUN and MEMORABLE HOTEL that you'll want to return back to. If I had one concern - it would be the rather crazy charge for parking your car overnight. My daily car parking rate was close to $50 per night, which I'm sorry to say is about the going rate in the loop. Stay here. Be cool. 
cBnlLym Fake Pos The Hyatt Regency Chicago hotel is perfecty located in the center of downtown Chicago. Whether you are going there for business or pleasure, it is in the perfect place. The rooms are large and beautiful and the ball room took my breath away. The wi-fi connection was perfect for the work I needed to do and the show at the Navy Pier was perfect for when I needed a break. Other hotels have nothing on the Hyatt. I just wish there was a Hyatt Regency in every city for all of my business trips.
cIQ7N9P True Neg My husband and I were very excited to be staying at the Conrad, unfortunately, we would never stay in this hotel again. The rooms looked nice, but the closer you look there was mold in the bathroom and red stains that looked like dried blood near the sink. The room service cost was super high - costing us over $100 for 1 burger, 1 order of french toast, 2 pops and 2 desserts. In the middle of the night the pipes in our room made a very loud vibrating noise which kept us awake. We called the front desk and it took almost 40 minutes for someone to walk over to our room (we were on the 5th floor, same as the reception desk). They did nothing to fix it and the same thing continued the following night and anytime the room above us or to the right used their shower. The staff was friendly enough, but NOT helpful and they did nothing to try and make our stay better with all of the problems. There was not even a coffee pot in the room. Definitely would NOT stay here again for the price. NOT worth it!
cLRAKXS Fake Pos Great hotel with beautiful scenery! The staff was wonderful and the rooms were comfortable and spacious. They even had a docking station for my iPod! 
cMBu8MF True Pos My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 5 days in October, 2007. I cannot begain to tell you how great this place is. The service was impecable and the room was fantastic. Huge window seat to look over Chicago. It was great. The wine reception in the evening was a special treat as was the morning coffee service in the lobby. This was our first trip to Chicago and I hope not our last. I will definately stay at Hotel Monaco again when we return. We booked our room through a safety convention web site. 
cOq9AcZ Fake Neg I was extremely disappointed with my stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. It was a hot summer day and I turned on the shower and only drips of hot water came out. I called to complain and they assured me that someone would be in my room to fix the shower or show me how to use it. I felt the person I spoke to was rude to me. They were not accepting responsibility, but talking down to me as if I was stupid. After waiting 30 minutes a bell hop came up to show me how to use the shower. This was not a service person. He could not get the shower to work either and apologized for the problem I was having. He expected a tip and complained when I did not give him one. Nobody came up after that. I was told I could switch to a different room, so I had to pack up my belongings and move to another floor. The shower did work in this other room, but I didn't have the view of the city that I had in the first room. I was looking at a brick wall. Plus there was a party in the next room that was so loud it kept me up all night. I complained and the hotel staff told me they were VIPs and could not do anything about the noise. This hotel was overpriced and my stay was miserable. Do not go to the Omni Hotel. I've stayed in $50 a night motels with better service.
calXFqf Fake Neg When my boyfriend and I checked into our room at the Omni Chicago, we were irritated to see that the bed looked rumpled, as if kids had been jumping on it. That was just the first of our "issues". The glasses in the bathroom had lipstick smears on them, and I saw a (dead-thank goodness!) roach behind the toilet. We were given the hotel night stay by a friend, so we decided to just deal with it. We ordered some munchies from the kitchen, and the chips were stale, and the dip smelled sour. After coming back from the convenience store with beer and some fresh munchies, we were able to enjoy our stay--but I would not recommend this place to anyone!
caoaKmU Fake Pos The stunning bay at Chicago finds its equal in the Ambassador East Hotel. This hotel feels like luxury was built into everything, down to the wonderful room service and conference rooms. Besides being in an active neighborhood in Chicago, the Ambassador East is close enough to the action and beautiful sights Chicago has to offer. The overall service of the hotel was wonderful. I felt like I was treated as a king. The room was very neat, regal, and relaxing. I especially liked the bathroom as it was clean and soothing. The Pump Room was also a great place for excellent dining. My stay here was completely enjoyable while maintaining a high level of productivity. Overall, the stay here was fantastic and worth every penny. I would return to the Ambassador East Hotel in a heartbeat if given the opportunity.
cbKqAJY True Neg Do you imagine getting there for the first time and overlooking the room, that was supposed to be ready, with used towels and the mouthwash opened and used? what about when they left the towel for the floor (the foot towel) to dry my face? what about the slippers that, although being still in the bag, had all the sole broken and left tiny plastic parts over the way to the garbage (all over the room, de facto). i didn't realise that would happen to me until i saw paris hilton on tv and then i knew god is great and he did it to us for being such an idiots to go to a company that has been able to create her. shame on us, actually!
cd0gkLE Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Affina Chicago hotel and was really dissappointed. When I arrived, the desk clerk was really slow checking me in. I feel like turtles could have checked me in faster. I was finally checked in and my room was on the 8th floor. The elevator ride seemed to take forever. I arrived and the room and at first glance it looked great, but after looking everything over there were finger smudges on the glass table. I figured maybe room cleanin must have accidentally touched it. I went to the C-House for supper that evening and I had to wait for what seemed like forever. The meal was good, but my waitress was very uptight. On my way back to my room, I asked the front desk to set up a wake up call for 6 AM the next morning and they were very grateful to set that up. It would have been nice to actually get it though. The next morning I surprisingly work up at 7:18 AM and realized that I had not received a wake up call. I was very upset and let them know. Overall this experience was not worth the 4 stars that this hotel has been given. For the price, quality and ratings the Affina Chicago hotel has been given, I would expect better service.
cdIGUyG Fake Neg I made my reservation at the Hilton Chicago believing I was going to be staying in a classy hotel with many amenities. Unfortunately, my stay at the Hilton Chicago went downhill from the moment I checked in. There was only one clerk at the front desk, and several guests already waiting ahead of me. Once I finally got checked in and located my room, I discovered that neither of my room keys worked and had to make my way back to the front desk. Finally I made it into my room. It appeared nice enough until I went to use the bathroom and found the toilet clogged. The manager moved me into a new room, so I can't complain too much, but still it was a hassle. Finally settled, I was able to relax for the rest of my evening and was looking forward to sleeping in the next morning. That is -- until the front desk called me at 5 am with a wake up call I had not requested! Needless to say, my overall experience with this hotel left much to be desired and I will choose other accommodations for my next trip to Chicago.
cjJuSJR True Neg Don't stay here if you take peace in knowing you have a reservation. About 3 months ago, we booked a room here for our wedding night (which is in less than 2 weeks). My fiance called last week to confirm the room and everything was great until today when they called to bump us to another hotel - no upgrades, no discounts. Apparently it is my problem that their manager can't manage the convention schedule. I don't even want to stay at another Kimpton Hotel because I don't find their reservation system reliable. Unfortunately, due to the conference, there isn't any other place to stay.
cocqfs3 True Pos We needed an extra night in Chicago after a gratus stay at The Penninsula and won a SkyAuction bid for The James @ $203. This is one of the nicest hotels that I've ever stayed in. Bathroom aside, we felt it equalled The Penninsula in comfort and level of service. I echo all of the superlatives previously written and would love to stay here anytime I'm in town. 
cxiY1do True Neg Staying here currently. Had aspired to sleep. The paper thin walls allow even the slightest peep from your neighbor to feel like you're right in bed with them. Couldn't sleep anyway because of the cheap, giant fluffy pillows. Called housekeeping, asked for any help...was simply and accomodatingly told, after my plea for help, could they, would they have any ability to supply me with a reasonable pillow? Complete answer before hanging up: "We do not." Hyatt, may your well executed service lead to your demise. Happy
cyCTmmk Fake Neg I would not reccomend staying at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago if you want a good deal and a good nights sleep. I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago for two nights this past July. I had a select king city view room. The room was dark, with ugly black carpets and the view was of another building right next door - not a great view. I was on an upper level floor and the elevators were incredibly slow. The hotel was pretty loud and the people in the room next to mine were up partying all night long, so it was very hard to get to sleep on my first night there. When I called to complain at the front desk they promised to do something about it but never did. I ended up having to call two more times before the management did something about the room next door. They quieted down for about an hour, but then were loud again for the rest of the night. The hotel was expensive, and for the price there weren't very many special amenities. There was no continental breakfast and the wifi was not included -- you had to sign up for a day of service at $10 a day. Overall I would not recommend staying at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago, as it is way overpriced for what you get.
dTIiGSl Fake Neg The staff at the Talbott hotel was completely unresponsive when I told them there were a bunch of drunken teenagers playing ding, dong, ditch. The sheets smelled funny when I arrived and were only changed 6 times during my two-week stay. The room service was very slow and the cleaning crew did not replace my soap, but I did notice the contents of the mini-bar diminished every time the maid service had been in my room.
daNKdU0 Fake Neg My daughter's broken heart My daughter loves American Girl and for her birthday wanted to go to American Girl Doll in Chicago. For six months my eight year old counted day the day until we left for Chicago when she could have the experience of a lifetime. We arrived at the Talbot Hotel where we had reserved the American Doll Girl package only to find out that they had given our room away and that they were going to move us across town. If that wasn't bad enough we had to spend an hour to find out if the American Girl carriage ride had been canceled or if we should book another one. My daughter sulked for most of the trip as we spent more time going from thing to thing instead of being able to walk. My daughter cried herself to sleep the first night and I could tell that her heart was broken.
dhf6xoW Fake Neg DO NOT STAY HERE!! My wife and I were visiting family in Chicago and decided to stay at the James. We had stayed at the James in New York happily so we came in with good expectations. What a mistake. Our room looked nothing like the ones pictured on the website. The bathroom was dirty and the bedding and furniture were disheveled. There was also a musty odor to the room. When we called the front desk to complain they were quite rude. We ended up leaving and staying in a different hotel for the duration of our stay.
drinxCI Fake Pos I traveled to Chicago with my husband for a romantic weekend away. Our stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower could not have been more luxurious! Our room had anything you could ever want, a mini bar, air conditioning. We were also within walking distance of many sites and fun restaurants. The staff was friendly, and the beds were like clouds. Overall,the experience was worth every penny. 
dvAydpR Fake Pos I went to Chicago and We made a reservation to Hotel Monaco Chicago which is a Kimpton Hotel, and I decided to stay in a tranquility suite. Which was amazing I went with my family and all of us had a comfortable space. Room Service Was great served quickly and the cleaners clean quick. Another thing was that it was pet friendly which I thought was cool meaning you could bring your dogs. The hotel was amazing and beutiful.
dwplx8y Fake Neg The James Chicago is a stuffy, uninviting hotel. If you are looking for all of the comforts of home, do not stay here. The rooms are like boardrooms,not bedrooms. Definitely not a child-friendly hotel. The restaurant on site is also very modern and screams pretentious. I would not vacation here again, especially not with children. They were afraid to touch anything in the whole hotel!
e0bnEji True Neg I'd been searching for a cool, non-chain hotel for a weekend getaway with my boyfriend. I thought I'd found a winner in the Affinia... SOO disappointed!! In spite of the fact that our reservation was for two adults, we arrived to find our room had a DOUBLE bed. What?! I was floored, but after a delayed flight and a 2 hour cab ride, was too tired to make a fuss. We were hungry after all the delays and planned on attending an event that night, so we called for room service hoping to keep it simple. I was told that room service would call ME back to take my order...and nothing happened. I didn't want to be late to our event so we ended up going to the restaurant downstairs. Nothing special; entree, dessert and NAB for two still came out to $*...I am no hayseed, I'm WELL aware that everything costs more in Chicago, but this just wasn't worth it. Our room was by the elevator w/ parking garage view...the bathroom was tiny, shower curtain was stained, funky toilet seat/lid, and the vanity featured that "rude awakening" lighting normally found in low-rent dressing rooms, i.e., "Holy crap, have I looked that bad this whole time?!" If you're a traveler who likes using the in-room coffeemaker, they charge for their chintzy coffees (I don't use these, but... come on). Nice enough ambience in the upstairs bar, but weak drinks... That night, our bed was so tiny and uncomfortable that I almost asked to switch rooms. But the Marathon was that weekend; the hotel was so busy I didn't want to be a pest. I can't believe I was so impressed with this place online. Next time I'll happily pay more to stay someplace that's actually a treat.
e2bZwoL True Pos Great hotel in a wonderful location. I stayed in this hotel last weekend for one night before coming home and I loved it. I couldn't recommend it highly enough. Evidently popular and busy, the staff were still helpful. The rooms were lovely and spacious and clean. Bathrooms were clean, bright and spacious also. I'd definitely recommend this hotel too, it's close to the magnificant mile. 
e4z4d7e True Neg The Conrad has all the right stuff - great bedding, fancy decorations, beautiful lobby, etc. However, they are seriously missing the boat when it comes to customer service and attention to detail. When I checked in, I went to get a glass of wine from the minibar, only to discover that everything in the fridge was warm. I called for help and was cheerfully told that they would send an engineer right away to fix it. In the meantime, I said, great, but what about a cold drink? They proceeded to send me 1 glass of wine via room service, without asking me if this would be okay. I paid $25 for 1 glass of wine. The minibar bottle would've given me 2 glasses for about $33. Nothing was said to me about this obvious difference. When I called to complain, I was made to feel cheap. To me, it was not the money, it was the principle. The next morning, my bill showed that I had eaten something out of the minibar. I had not. I called, and they said that the automatic sensors in the minibar must have triggered something (duh - when the engineer came and took the entire fridge out of its compartment to fix it), and they took the charge off. They also took $10 off my room service bill, but I was still annoyed that nobody bothered to apologize or acknowledge the fact that I was overcharged. Also, when they fixed the minibar fridge, they did not replace anything in it. The guy said, it'll take a while for things to cool down. Oh, really? How about the warm beer, that was once cold, that will now taste disgusting? I guess they're saving that for the next person who checks into my room and has no idea. Another annoyance was that the lighted mirror in our bathroom did not work. When I plugged it in, it made 2 other lights in the bathroom go off, and then it never would come on. It seems that the Conrad thinks it can spend a lot of money to make itself look beautiful, without worrying about each customer's experience. I don't think they go into the rooms and check them out. And their sta
e7wL5L5 True Neg I stayed at the Hilton Chicago last week and was very disappointed. The highlight of the stay was waiting 20 minutes for a bellman to come and get our luggage. Finally, my 72 year old mother, 8 year old son, and myself gave up and dragged it all down to valet parking ourselves - no easy task. The security guard was kind enough to hold the door for me. The valet parking attendants looked over and then ignored us. As far as I could tell, he was just standing there doing nothing. I couldn't let go of the bags without everything falling so I gave my son the parking receipt. The attendant pointed to where our car was parked - no short distance away. My 8 year old had to tell him to pull it up. They should have been ashamed. Less significant, but irritating issues. The pool is part of the Hilton Athletic club. Two lanes are reserved for adults wanting to lap swim. Basically, two adults can take up 2/3rds of the pool while everyone else is consigned to the leftover 1/3rd. This is ridiculous and very family unfriendly. In addition, the pool closes at 9 p.m. What pool closes at 9? We stayed for 3 nights. Not one single additional bar of soap, bottle of shampoo, or coffee stirrers.
e8VJUZ7 Fake Pos Conrad Chicago is one of the nicer hotels I have had the pleasure of staying in recently. The rooms were well furnished and brightly lit, but not to the point of garishness. The convenient location was a plus.
eBD66gB True Pos I stayed at the James in June, and I must say, it felt like I was in some ultra-swanky boutqiue hotel. From the uniforms of the staff.. which consists of a small J pin that they wear with nice suits and such, to the wonderful, comfortable beds, the James just makes you feel ultra-relaxed. The gym in the hotel was fantastic for a hotel gym, and the machines were all new and in fantastic condition. I really enjoyed the complimentary Kiehl's products as well as the soft, cushy beds with futons. Location-wise, it's just off Michigan ave, and it's close to all the shops and restaurants. I'd definitely stay here if I'm' ever back in Chicago. 
eBPDQwh Fake Neg Hotel is located 1/2 mile from the train station which is quite hike when you're traveling with luggage and/or kids. They seem to cash in on guests who arrive in private car by charging exorbitant parking/valet fees. Rooms feature either double or king sized beds; no queen beds at all. If you want a little extra leg room in your bed, the price jump from double- to king-sized is stiff. Rooms with any kind of view pay a healthy surcharge, too.
eMEDrvj Fake Neg I will never stay at Conrad Chicago again. The employees were rude from the begining. When I asked for extra towels the lady at the front desk looked like I was an inconveniece. The bar staff wasn't much better. The maids never came and changed our sheet during our stay. Do not go there!
eWLmKMo Fake Neg Me and my wife stayed at the Omni hotel in Chicago for a customer training at a nearby hospital. We ended up only staying for 2 nights and the service was awful here. At first once coming into the room, there was a mildewy smell in the air, which we were fortunate enough to bring a potpourri spray with us just incase. The continental breakfast each morning was terrible as well. The eggs were runny and the coffee was not hot at all. To make matters even worse, the room service attendant did not get to our rooms until the middle of the afternoon, when my wife was back from exploring the city. This was simply unacceptable by any standard.
eZV4Nah Fake Neg I have recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and the visit was most unpleasant. This hotel was loud and the staff was very rude. All the fancy lights and designs are just a distraction from the snobby people who stay there and the people who work there that seem to hate their jobs. The hotel food was old, it seemed like they were making it all at once for all the people staying there. The beds were hard and uncomfortable and it was an over all bad experience in what looked like a "nice place to spend a vacation"
eZaT4fg True Neg Having stayed at the excellent Affinia chain in NY, I had very high expectations. When I saw the Trip Advisor rating, I immediately booked. What a huge disappointment: -- The quality Simmons pillow top mattress is covered with very cheap, foam pillows -- the kind they sell in the store for $4. You cannot sleep on these -- The windows are so thin, you can hear the buzzing from walk/don't walk sign on Superior below. -- The walls are so thin that when my neighbor smoked, I was awaken around midnight, my room engulfed in smoke odor. A call downstairs yielded no results -- There are nice furnishings but many are chipped showing bare wood; the desk chair was full of loose threads -- The water flow is very weak, but the towels are nice -- There are unpainted floorboards, the kind you find in Day's Inn -- They charge for internet service The tiny lobby has materials and pictures of what the hotel will eventually look like. The sign outside is also a banner. Having stayed all over the U.S., you are better off at Red Roof -- this is really an embarassment for the Affinia chain. Wait until they complete the renovations in 2008. I did supply this feedback at my checkout and the front desk apologized by shaking my hand. Good heart, but the problems are not fixable.
eeRHdRk True Pos Just got back from 2 days up in Chicago shopping with girlfriends. First time I have stayed at the Omni. I did so because I saw a $129.00 rate that included $25.00 of free food on Travelzoo. The three of us (55 year olds) all stayed in one suite with 2 double beds and a VERY comfortable pull out sofa. We had plenty of room. Food in the restaurant was great, service was outstanding from everone we came into contact with, early morning delivery of free coffee, juice and hot chocolate was fabulous and recommendations from the staff on where to eat, time of movies, shopping areas, etc was really helpful. Need I mention the outstanding location? Simply the best! We all decided that the Omni is our new favorite hotel. 
egCvm6Q True Pos this is my new favorite place to stay in downtown chicago, and I've been to this hotel at least 4 times. the rooms are clean, wonderfully designed and comfortable. The staff is friendly, service focused - and the restuarant is great, especially for the breakfast fruit crepes. Love this hotel. It's a great location, very good and consistent service and quality . 
etdAKWu True Pos After some deliberation I booked the Sofitel Water Tower Place for a 3 night stop-over in June. This was my first visit to Chicago and it turned out that we had a really great time. We loved our rooms, which were just the basic type on the lower floors but they were very well appointed. The decor is modern and personally I liked it a lot. The rooms were pleasant and airy and the bed extremely comfortable. The hotel location is just perfect, close to the shops on Michagan Avenue, and the beach at Oak Street. Lovely restaurants close by and nightlife in Rush Street is just steps away. The area although bustling was peaceful and quiet. We could walk to most places and I would not hesitate to stay here again. The hotel staff very helpful, always smiling and ready to help; from the doormen to the helpful lady at Conceriage. I would not hesitate at all to stay at Sofitel Water Tower Place next time I'm in Chicago; in fact I look forward to my next visit. 
euy5K8e Fake Neg Stayed at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and it was not a good experience. The room had been cleaned in a haphazardly fashion and was not pleasant to walk into. When I called the service desk for more towels to be brought up into the room, it took an exceedingly long amount of time for them to be brought up, and the woman who delivered the towels was as rude as can be. Will not be staying at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park again.
ewz1ynG True Pos While I had stayed in the Hotel Monaco before, this was my husband's first trip to Chicago and I insisted we stay here as I loved it the first time. Well the second stay was even better -- we had one of the corner suites on the river -- the service was excellent and staff was very friendly and helpful. The warm cookies in the afternoon is a nice touch after a day of sightseeing. Unfortunately we missed the wine hour. One thing that realy impressed me is that b/c of flight delays we got to Chicago a day late -- Hotel Monaco manager waived the cost of the first night on our room even though it was a guaranteed reservation. 
f0X0Xcw True Neg We stayed here because of the enthusiastic positive reviews on Trip Advisor and Yelp. We might have had a one in a million experience, but we: - were served a hairy salad (a long black hair held a lettuce leaf hostage); - considered our guest room tiny; - could not submerge a thigh, much less a body, in the tub (we're not obese and we're not Dexter); - endured a broken air conditioner for days (it couldn't be repaired); - experienced the delight of an inexplicably broken toilet (they fixed it that day). On a positive note, the tea from room service tasted delicious, employees were abundant and friendly, the location is great, and it's very easy to get a taxi. In the future, I would reluctantly stay here for business. I would not stay here for pleasure. I think a 20-something who hasn't traveled much would appreciate this hotel more than a seasoned traveler would...as a friend said to me today, "Oh, the Sofitel? That's the Hilton of France." I agree.
f1sAmKl True Pos We stayed here from Nov. 30 to Dec 2 and had a wonderful time. The hotel is just beautiful and the service was excellent from check in to the maid staff to the bartenders in Kitty O'Shea's. We had a room with a king bed that was very comfortable and had very nice feather pillows. You can request other types if you have a problem with feathers. The large flat screen TV was very nice. Bath products were by Crabtree & Evelyn and included shampoo, conditioner, mouthwash and bady lotion. Plenty of coffee was provided. We drank and had snacks at Kitty O'Shea's. The crowd was fun and there was live Irish folk music each night. Good selection of beer and good Shepards Pie, Cheese Dip and Crisps! The location worked very well for us. We walked to the Art Museum and Buddy Guys Blues Club is right across the street. And shopping was a breeze using the shuttle! The cab ride to the Museum of Science and Industry was quite far though and cost about $15 each way. An excellent weekend getaway! 
fACtaKg Fake Pos The hotel was very nice; Service was great, everyone was very friendly. The room was very elegant and classy. The bed was so comfortable. The room also had a flat screen TV and Bose sound system. Not bad. Overall I had a great experience; with a pleasant staff and perfectly comfortable room, I left here well rested and happy. 
fBPh0YW Fake Pos The Chicago Hilton is a great hotel our stay there was fantastic. The hotel is placed in the heart of the city were you can find it a easy walk to almost everything from the local colleges to the great restaurant that surround the city. The room itself was clean and the staff was fun and helpful. I can't really say anything bad about this place it was a great time and a great place to stay while we were there. 
fCcAsi1 True Pos My wife and I stayed at the James recently and we had a great experience. The hotel as others have mentioned is in an ideal location. It's in a quiet location, yet so close to many neighborhoods that you want to go to. We upgraded to a studio room which was totally worth the additional cost. It didnt have all the midcentury furniture that the website photos have, but it was elegantly appointed, spacious, and as we were on the inside of the building very quiet. The service was amazing. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful, as well as knowledgeable. This was true from the doormen at the front, to people at the desk and the servers in the restaurant. Both Concierges that we dealt with had great suggestions, and were able to understand our style and sensibilities when helping us out. The breakfast at Prime downstairs is among the best I have ever had in a hotel, this goes for the room service as well. Dinner there was good, but not great. I mentioned almost flawless, as there was a situation that occurred involving the Spa in the hotel. It involved scheduling and was aggravating, as the hotel actively encourages its use. However, Caroline who is one of the hotel managers did an amazingly competent job of making sure that we were satisfied, following up on progress and was a true pleasure to deal with. The experience could have left a very bad taste in my mouth but was resolved quickly. Overall, we left extremely satisfied with our stay and look forward to many future visits. 
fCrKFKP True Pos Beautifully appointed, professionally staffed, comfortable, well-located, and elegant, with wireless internet access (plus free access in an alcove on the second floor), fitness center (a little small but fine if you use it at the right time), good energy clientele, easy access to Michigan Avenue, next door to 24-hour restaurant, 2 blocks from 2 Starbucks, elevators that are there before you get your finger off the button - they thought of everything. Will definitely return! 
fKUay1f Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel and it was awful. When I arrived my room was not ready. Two hours later when it was finally cleaned, I entered and saw they they had not brought the cot that I had requested for my son. I asked for it again, but they never brought it. My mattress was uncomfortable, and I did not like sharing it with my son. The AC did not even work and it was terribly hot in the room. The next morning we ate the continental breakfast before leaving, and it too was bad. There was cereal, low quality yogurt, and burnt flavorless muffins. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
fR52pGK True Pos We booked our stay through Priceline.com and got a great deal. We were only staying one night and we had our 2 year old with us. At check-in, we were upgraded to a suite with a lake view of Lake Michigan. It was beautiful. The suite had a king bed with a living room and a bar and mini-fridge which we didn't need, but if we were staying longer, it would have been a godsend. This hotel is in close proximity with Grant Park which has the beautiful Buckingham Fountain. We walked around the park and even saw a movie being filmed....but if you are looking for a hotel with a lot of restaurants around it, this isn't the one. We ended up eating at the Irish Pub inside the hotel (Kitty O'Shea's) which has great food. (We have stayed here before and always end up eating here.) There are a lot of attractions within a mile including the Field Museum, Shedd Aquarium, Soldier Field, and Navy Pier. They may not be walking distance but we could see them from our hotel window. Overall, we had another wonderful stay at the Chicago Hilton. (Our 4th stay) The only downside is the expensive parking within the hotel.....41 dollars a night is kind of ridiculous. 
fWLR4Lr True Neg Very disappointed in our stay in Chicago Monoco. We have stayed many times elsewhere, primarily in washington DC and are accustomed to great customer service, beverages like water or soda at the wine bar, coffee and papers in the morning, help with bags. Not only did the Chicago monoco do none of these things, the staff was not helpful, either. Requests were not honored and the staff did not seem happy to be there. YOu got the feeling you were "bothering" people if you asked a question. No bellman, the doorman did not open the door or help with bags. Even though we were traveling with a child, I had to request a fish when they did not bring it. Really baffling.. as we love the Monoco in Washington.
ffC6X0r True Pos We stayed at the AE for two nights for a three generation "girls weekend" (Grandma, mom and daughter). I looked at their website for an idea of rates and looked at any packages that might interest us. Then I called the property directly and was assisted by a very gracious man named Reece. Rates were a bit high for the Saturday night portion of our stay but when I requested the American Girl Package, he was more than happy to honor the advertised rate. The American Girl package was perfect for us. My 8 year old daughter was thrilled. They give you a doll bed, a backpack and a travel kit to keep. They have matching bathrobes for girl and doll (you don't get to keep those). She also got a special welcome letter and a complimentary room service snack from a specially printed menu. Our room, 1334, was large and clean. It had two double beds with nice linens, two chairs, a desk and a clean bathroom. The employees are all very friendly and helpful. We had a drink in the Pump Room but did not eat there. We ate breakfast nearby at a great place called the 3rd Coast. This hotel is north of Michigan Ave. But it is just a short, pleasant walk to the Mag. Mile. I would definately stay here again in Chicago. 
ffzoVsQ True Pos My wife and I travelled to Chicago and really were treated like royalty by the hotel staff! (My brother and his wife also stayed during this period.) The front desk staff, the concierge, the Star Bucks server, the restaurant, the lounge servers . . . all were wonderful! The rooms were spacious and the flat screen tv was really great! The bath room was a real plus ... it was huge and had everything one desires. Great view from 20th floor to Michigan Avenue below! Overall, great stay and highly recommended! 
fgc0GP7 Fake Neg When you stay at a hotel like The James, just from their price point, you expect a certain level of quality. If I pay well over 500 dollars for a room, I do not think it unreasonable to expect not only a quality room, but also a certain level of standard of service. Perhaps this hotel should rename itself The Lebron James, because it has about as much class as he does, and is about twice as pretentious. A handful of baby powder thrown into my face would have been a refreshing break from the level of service I received at The Lebron James. My night of hell began with the clerk, bellboy, or whatever he was, at the front desk, who faked what I assume was intended to be a British accent, but ended up as an unholy melding of Australian and New Englander. A British accent does not make you fancy, or skilled. Once I made my way past Mr. Belvedere and to my room, I was disappointed, not only by its size, which was unusually small, but also a faint scent of cigarettes. Not a strong one, but I could definitely smell smoke. Not acceptable. Then, while I was sleeping, a deep throbbing sound began to emanate from the walls. It sounded technical, mechanical, like an air conditiner malfunctioning. Despite many reassurances from the front desk, the throbbing continued on throughout the night. I demanded the man at the front desk come up and rectify the situation immediately, but from what I could tell, he never came.
fiQ5oyf Fake Neg First off, don't get a room on a lower floor, the garbage pick up makes a ton of noise and wakes you up at 6 am. Then don't bother going down for breakfast at that time either, because the restaurant isn't open that early. When it finally opened, the breakfast arrived cold and late. Nothing like congealed eggs to start your day. The fitness center had no towels and no cups for water. It was also too hot and too many people had sweated too much in it. After my congealed breakfast, it really was not pleasant. My entire three day visit was like that. I tried room service that night, but again, service was very slow and the food not warm when it arrived. My high speed internet was not so high speed when it would connect me at all. The furniture was run down and worn. Pool towels were not always available. Generally, for the price I paid, I would expect better service and a better maintained premises.
fjj0r6V True Pos We loved the Talbott. The location was fabulous...very close to the shopping. The hotel is smaller, but the rooms are very nice. They are very spacious and are able to be darkened to sleep well. Also, the beds are some of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. I might also add that our room at queen beds. The staff is all friendly and puts them themselves out for you. The hotel has a cute outdoor eating area on the sidewalk that has flowers, etc. It looks like a scene out of Europe. I would highly recommend the hotel. We were there with our daughters; ages 10 and 13. 
fxJPKj4 True Pos I stayed at this hotel over the weekend of the Chicago Bears Fan Convention (Feb 27- March 1). The hotel is beautiful. I had a Towers room. I had a decent view of the city (Sears Tower). The room was a little small but had two bathrooms (1 King bed). The Tower room has it's own registration area and comes with a free continental breakfast, evening snacks and free sodas throughout the day. The registration/ lounge is on the 24th floor and overlooks Lake Michigan. The hotel was full but service was excellent. The location is convenient but there are a number of homeless people within a block or two (especially toward the El train). We loved our stay at this hotel and never had to take a cab or rent a car. I will stay here again. Hilton offered a Sunday night free on their website with a 3 day stay. This made the cost reasonable (for Chicago). However, the Pavilion restaurant left a lot to be desired. The pub on the first floor was a good place to hang out and have a drink. 
fy5J9jL True Pos Very quaint and romantic, yet masculine. I've noticed that at most Chicago hotel bars it's hard to get a drink much less a seat but I guess because it's a small hotel that was not a problem at the Talbott - plus people take their drinks out to the seating in the lobby because it's so inviting - cozy and comfortable - love that! Would love to stay again but I must say that I was surprised by all the comments on the comfortable beds - ours was too firm. Also note there is no gym on the premises - but walking and shopping is enough of a workout! 
fzoxhnc True Pos Excellent location, feels like a boutique hotel. Right next to Neiman Marcus (V.expensive dept store) and 2 mins walk to John Hancock tower. As most American ,medium to high end, hotels service was excellent from the bellhop to reception. Upgrade to a suite if you are staying longer than a couple of days as walking around the windy city can be tiring and a suite feels like a small apartment. The pub in the basement is good for a sandwich and a Beer. They will be refurbing so take adavantage of lower rates now as I feel they will be going for very high end clients after the remodelling 
g1GIRK7 True Pos This is a superb hotel. The rooms are huge, including a luxurious bathroom. It is clean and service is first rate. Breakfast was excellent (and complimentary for Hilton Honors members). Hotel is in a good location, and is connected to a mall, which I imagine would be a great asset in the Chicago winter. Next time I go to Chicago, I will stay here for sure. 
gA07Atl Fake Neg When we got checked and arrived at our room the first thing we noticed was the light didn't come on when we flipped the switch upon entering. The room was not very clean at all. Dust had collected on the back of the tv and on the stand behind it, on the window sill and stains on the carpet. We had requested wireless internet service but it was down the entire first night. The mattress was very hard making for an uncomfortable night. The jacuzzi was out of order also. When asked to be moved to a different room we were informed that there were not others available.
gBHpcSa Fake Pos The rooms were beautiful! The staff was friendly and helpful. I love where the Conrad in Chicago was located, it seemed to be close to a lot of places I wanted to visit. Chicago was great, and the Conrad Hotel made my family and my stay that much more exceptional!
gBinMAC Fake Neg I had high hopes for the Hilton Chicago, but I am sad to say that I am disapointed. Not only is it outrageously expensive (over $200 for two people for one night), but they expect you to pay over $40 to park your car! They do not offer free Wi-Fi, but instead I had to pay $20 to get on the internet in my room. I had to wait until 3 pm to check in (even though my flight was in the morning) and I had to rent a car at the airport because the hotel did not offer transportation too and from. After all of this stress, the Hilton Chicago didn't have an in hotel bar either. I doubt I will stay here again!
gCZy01y True Neg We booked through a travel website. This hotel is currently undergoing major renovation and will be renamed in September. The public areas are still being renovated but the hallways and rooms are done. The hallway was so dimly lit, we couldn't see how to use the key card. The shock came when we entered the room. Whoever designed it obviously did not take function or a guest's comfort into consideration. The bed was a mere 15 inches off the ground - a mattress (rock hard) over a platform. The "nigh stands" were shelves attached to the wall at around 12 inches height. The room was stark - all off-white, no color. No art work or any decoration at all. The full-length drapes completely blocked the air conditioning unit; if it were winter and the heat was on, I think this could be dangerous. There was a desk & chair but no clock/radio in the room; there was a wall mounted LCD tv with very poor channel selection. The bathroom was very small but clean. The problem with it was that the tub was almost 2 ft high and difficult to step in to. An older person could have never stayed in the room. Because of the renovation, there was no restaurant on-site. No vending or ice available on the floor either I can't see anyone ever becoming a repeat guest at this hotel. I would never stay there again.
gDqci6J True Neg I am not much of a complainer, as you can see when reviewing my other posts on this site, but the Talbott provided such bad service that I feel the need to warn future travelers to Chicago: My girlfriend and I stayed at the Talbott for 2 nights in late July 2006. The first sign that something was wrong come during the initial booking of the room over the phone. The receptionist was outright rude, but took the reservation without a mistake. During our stay the hotel and restaurant staff was extraordinary incompetent, the waiters, the managers, nobody was friendly, nor tied to accommodate us. [------------------------] We and many others who stayed at the hotel attended a wedding reception close by and had arranged the hotel bar to remain open from 12-2 to have an after hour's party. The hotel manager had assured us that this was secured and done in the past upon such occasions. When we returned from the reception at 11:50pm the bar was closing and the night manager and hotel staff were very rude to me and my friends. "Nobody told us, we can't do anything for you." "Are you sure that you arranged this?" Two quotes so typical for this hotel's staff that I know that I will never stay at this hotel again. I understand that mistakes are made and that communication can be difficult across different shifts in a hotel, but blaming the customer so being confused and failing to arrange what I know had been arranged for and was later confirmed by the day staff is too rude even for my taste.[-----]
gHK3mpu True Pos My family and I have just had a two week holiday in Chicago, and we stayed for a week at the Hilton Towers. We had a fantastic time and enjoyed every minute of our stay at this incredible hotel. The sheer size of the place is breathtaking and the atmosphere is very friendly and hospitable. If you prefer discreet modern boutiquey-type hotels, maybe this wouldn't be your thing. However if you enjoy old style glamour and glitz, you will be bowled over by this hotel. The place literally sparkles thanks to the enormous chandeliers that are everywhere in the lobby. Tons of celebs have stayed here over the decades and the history of the hotel and past guests etc is fascinating. We got a very reasonable rate for our stay and could not fault anything about this very special place! 
gPMKjIy True Neg Didn't get the room we were promised. Kind of room we had reserved (2 queens) "wasn't available. they then squeezed 3 adult ladies into 2 singles and a blow-up bed. Had to pile furniture on top of tables to get it in! Very unsatisfactory!! Will not return, will not recommend. Will tell people going to Chicago to NOT stay in your hotel. When I next visit Paris nextspring, I intend to stop at your world headquarters to tell them what I think of the Chicago facility.
gRf9lqG Fake Neg The Ambassador Hotel is located in Downtown Chicago right off Lakeshore Drive in the heart of the hotel industry downtown. I would recommend you look to one of those other hotels if you are wanting a place to stay downtown. The rates at this hotel indicate that it would be a top of the line place to stay, when in fact, we had a pretty unpleasant experience. It started with someone who was obviously a new employee checking us in. I have no problem with this, except the fact that this person was the only one on duty and had difficulties checking us in and had no one to assist him. After checking in, we went up to our room and were a bit disappointed. The pictures do not accurately depict the size of these rooms, they are very tiny and offer very little room to store luggage where it is out of the way. The beds were not very comfortable and when we called room service for extra pillows, they took over an hour to arrive. I will not be staying at this hotel anytime in the future.
gSTBNoC Fake Pos Located right in the heart of downtown Chicago i visited this hotel on a business trip. The first things i noticed was how friendly the staff is, and how clean the rooms are (even compared to other luxury hotels) seeing as i had a night layover before my meeting i decided to stop by the Terrace and get a drink, i got a mojito and i must say i was very impressed, i've had my share of mojitos and it was one of the better ones, once i retired back to my room i found the sound system to be excellent, bed was soft and the TV didn't appear burned out at all. Overall i give this a five out of five, the staff was helpful and friendly the whole time and the atmosphere was perfect, i wish i could have stayed longer.
gSTXRMk Fake Neg when we arrived the check in process was fairly quick, however the staff seemed in a bad mood all around. they seemed as if we were taking up their time. when we got to the room we tried to use our personal computer to look for attractions, and after having to pay $10 a day for wifi it was a total waste of money the speed of the internet was extremely slow. the free workout area was also not up to our expectations but since it was free we didnt complain. overall we would never stay at this hotel again and we do not recommend it.
gUnS3qp Fake Neg Don't ever stay at this hotel!, Conrad Chicago is the worst hotel you can imagine. First of all, THE PRICE! you not get what you pay for. I paid &217.50 one night for a room that did not even had a TV!! that's ridiculous! The bathroom did not work, and it was nasty! the bed sheets seemed like used, as if some people slept there and they smelled bad! After my experience with Conrad Chicago, I will please ask you to reconsider getting a room in this hotel. You get better service and accommodations even in a 1 star motel!
gUpCXmg True Neg It's not a bad hotel. It's just so...disappointing. As a Diamond member, I expect slightly more than a room with two double beds with no view. I'm not distraught over this, but come on. Ditto the continental breakfast in the executive lounge, which has nothing but fattening pastries, bagels and cereal. Low-level Hampton Inns have a free breakfast that puts this to shame. And what's with the lounge not opening until 6:30am? Business travelers often need to be GONE by 6:30, not sitting down to their meager breakfast. The in-room wifi is a pain to access, and I somehow got stuck with the $19.99 plan even though I selected the basic plan. (Don't get me started on how a $89/night Hampton Inn can offer free wifi and a full-service Hilton & Towers seemingly can't...). Finally, what's with the two bathrooms per one hotel room? It's an unseemly waste of space, especially when the rooms are so meager. And the gold-plated bathroom fixtures scream 1992, not 2009, as does the picture-tube TV (vs. flat panel). Overall, this is a huge disappointment over which Conrad should be ashamed.
gUqVHAp True Neg I stayed in a Deluxe King Suite. No desk to work at or to sit at to eat room service meals. The only table was coffee table height and the couch was some strange futon that was lower than the coffee table (!) and canted forward. Incredibly uncomfortable to sit at and ridiculous for room service meals or to work at computer. Since my room was configured like all the other Deluxe King Suites depicted in on line photos, I have to assume this design flaw with the couch/futon runs throughout the property. Bed was fine and bath was fine but I can't imagine why business travelers would rate this property well. The couch/futon seating is the worst I've encountered in a modern hotel.
gVAmCeR Fake Neg When I made my reservations at Softiel in Chicago, I was expecting the ultimate in Luxury but Softiel failed to deliver. Everything was just ok. I do not spend money on a quality hotel for "just ok". If I want "just ok" I'll check into the Days Inn! First of all there were problems with our reservation. I asked to have a room near the top floors and my room was actually only on the fifth floor! The desk clerk was less than helpful to fix this. I eventually got it fixed but I certainly did not feel at all like a valued guest during this process. Later when I went down to ask for directions and information at the desk the clerk was very cold and abrupt with us. The room was quite nice but the shower did not deliver adequate water pressure. On the second day of our stay, housekeeping did not refill our soaps or coffee. They also failed to empty one of our wastebaskets. Minor I know, but when you're paying for a luxury experience, you kind of expect luxury! The hotel itself was nice but the staff really don't deliver. I would not stay here again. You can get a nice clean room at LaQuinta for 1/4 the price and the staff is much more helpful.
gZomxtI True Neg We were disappointed with this hotel. The staff seems hurried and unhelpful. Our room was not made up until after 5 PM despite several requests. The blower in the hallway blew freezing air, but the staff told us that there was nothing that could be done about it. The lobby is not inviting and there is no where comfortable to sit. The room and bed was comfortable, but the cream and and modern art work are not our style. The room lacked many of the amenities other hotels in this price range offer. Certainly not worth the rate compared to other hotels I have stayed at in Chicago.
gey2ctD Fake Pos Luxury and comfort combine to give a wonderful sense of relaxation for guests at the Omni Chicago Hotel. Their rooms are some of the cleanest and most well-furnished I have ever seen at a four-diamond hotel, and the 676 Lounge, which has accommodating late hours, was perfect for me to relax after a day of work. The workout room is absolutely HUGE, and each treadmill has its own TV to watch while working out - fantastic! Overall, my experience at the Omni was amazing. I'll definitely be coming back the next time I'm in Chicago!
giWTNpP True Neg I disliked the Sofitel so much we changed our week stay to the Grand Hyatt after the first night. We checked into our suite and was blasted by the smell of body odor immediately. We were tired from our flight, but went downstairs to change rooms. The second suite smelled just as bad, but stayed anyway. I disliked the hotel lobby, the staff, the decorating, and especially the bed. HORRIBLE. Soft, flimsy mattress. We come to Chicago frequently. We have always stayed at the Grand Hyatt and never been disappointed. We just thought we'd try some place new. Never again. Back to the Hyatt or Four Season we go!
gnqz1U9 Fake Pos the James Hotel in Chicago is by far one of the best hotels that My family and I have ever had the pleasure of staying at. The room service is the best in the area, not to mention the spa in the hotel is to die for. The lobby and the reception area is very contemporary. This is a great place to take the family to relax. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. 5 stars! 
gqjcqDL Fake Pos I am often traveling on business and I always try to stay at the James. The modern design of the lobby and restaurant with wood and glass creates a luxurious atmosphere and the streamlined, comfortable room design give an upscale aesthetic like that of a penthouse loft apartment. The availability of computers and coffee in the James' business centers means I do not have to lug my laptop around the hotel. The James provides the perfect setting for business travelers and is a cozy place to retire to in the evenings. The ease of breakfast service in the rooms means that I do not have to stress or rush, as my time is valuable. I love the James.
gr0SYlO True Neg I have stayed at the James a few times, it is my go to hotel in Chicago. This last trip makes me think it is time to start looking for other options. The Good: Location is awesome, just off Michigan Ave, Trader Joe's across street for some healthier snacking. It is a great location, easy to walk most anywhere. The door staff are very friendly and helpful. The overall feeling is modern, upbeat. Turn down service with cookie is nice. Free Wifi (which worked to varying degrees throughout stay) The Bad: They claim to be a 4.5 star hotel, which to me, means better then a 4 star and online with a 5 star (without a pool). They used to have Kiehls toiletries and now have "Harmony" brand. Additionally, they now have the large bottles attached to the wall which you get to share with the other guests that stayed in the room before you. It is what I would expect from Holiday Inn or my gym, but not a 4.5 star hotel. I asked about the switch (mainly because when I booked they still had Kiehls in website description) and they claimed that the reason they went the communal bottle route was to be "green". That is hard to believe, as it's not like the hotel is making other efforts to be green (they still have incandescent light bulbs, housekeeping leaves the lights and radio on when they do turn down, they don't recycle in room, etc). They are obviously trying to cut costs, and it shows. More: the rooms are in need of some updating, they are looking somewhat tired. My third floor room was quite loud with the motorcyclers trying to prove their manhood out front (not their fault). Don't take the stairs (as the stairwell is straight out of horror movie), even though the wait for one of the two elevators might be awhile. The phone staff was fairly rude (granted, they didn't like me questioning their toiletry change). I feel bad giving such a low rating, but it really did not come close to my expectations (from previous stays there). I will start trying out new hotels in the area.
guuq1b1 Fake Pos My husband and I stayed at the James Chicago Hotel for our anniversary. This place is fantastic! We knew as soon as we arrived we made the right choice! The rooms are BEAUTIFUL and the staff very attentive and wonderful!! The area of the hotel is great, since I love to shop I couldn't ask for more!! We will definatly be back to Chicago and we will for sure be back to the James Chicago. Betsy M, Louisville, KY 
h79zqwY True Pos The thing that makes this such an enjoyable place to stay is the staff who were all excellent and polite and the service was impeccable. The room was very clean, the beds were comfortable but it was a little small and the water in the bathroom was not very hot. Other than that it was a great place to stay. 
hGWfel8 Fake Neg I just got home from my stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel. Me and my family were in Chacago for the the week and this hotel was the closest to where we needed to be. When we walked in the door there was a horrid odor. Almost like a public bathroom. The check in clerk was very irritable and was very uncooperative. She would not let us go to our rooms because our entire family was not there yet! When we finally got to our rooms the beds were not made and the room was uninviting. The beds felt like we were sleeping on rocks. After the first dreadful night we got up and went downstairs to eat breakfast. The food there tastes and looks like vomit. The rest of the weeks stay there was like living in Hell. The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel is definitely not a good place to stay. It is actually probably on of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at.
hJXbMGE True Pos The recently remodeled Affina was amazing - from the 6 choice pillow menu to the stocked "pantry and refrigerator" to the brand name bathroom ammenities. Within walking distance to just about everything you could possibly need, the Affina is a great hotel. The staff was pleasant and seemed to enjoy their jobs. Having never stayed in downtown Chicago before, the Affina over and above exceeded our expectations. Although our trip to Chicago was only for one night, we will consider staying at the Affina again for a future visit. 
hKCYrEl True Neg I've been here for 4 days. Great location right off of miracle mile, near all major hotels, best shopping and theatres. Rooms very large. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful, and respond immediately. Problems: there frequently are homeless people (even during daylight) on Superior between St. Clair and Michigan Avenue (the main route you walk for or all activities, and just about everything is in walking distance from here). At night, the street on the north side of Superior is dark, and it usually smells strongly of several unpleasant odors. The street people do not approach you, although they may stare as you go by. Usually 2 or more along the way, where they sleep on the window sills of Neiman Marcus. I would not think a woman would feel safe by herself. (I am from a large city and do not have a street people phobia.) There are homeless up and down Michigan Street, but this is different as it's a lonely stretch and no open business is along either side of the street. The entire hotel needs a lot of cosmetic work, and apparently will soon undergo a major renovation. For now, expect two extremely small, warm, slow elevators with long waits serving 17 floors and warm, cramped hallways! All the walls throughout the hotel need painting, and the wallpaper is peeling in places. In the room, several electrical outlets were hanging out of the connection, the carpets were stained, the bathrooms needed new grout (some mold visible), the TV is very small (16 Inch?) and the windows very, very dirty. You won't get your room serviced unless you ask for it, sometimes more than once. The "pub " downstairs is run down, dark and kind of creepy. Food and room service are very expensive, as is parking ($34/day public and $38/day valet). On the plus side, the bed was very comfortable, there was ample comfortable furniture in the sitting area, plenty of space and a decent view as the hotels spans St. Clair street toward the north and south. You can see a sliver of Lake Michigan. Pool small, but clean. All in all, it was clean and quiet and provides lots of space for sitting around in the room, but I think it is overpriced, and I would not stay here again.
hQCy7EU True Pos I stayed at the Omni with a Band that what in town. The room was amazing. Just walking in, the hotel was gorgeous. I have no complaints. Prompt Room service, Friendly front desk. Many shops, beautiful fountin. Just an all around great hotel in a great City. 
hS590X7 Fake Neg My husband and I recently went to Chicago for my Aunt's funeral. We are not familiar with the area so we asked for recommedations of where to stay for the two nights we would be in town. We were told to stay at the Ambassador East Hotel. I wish we could say that our experience there was a good one, but sadly, it was one of of the more disappointing travel experiences we have had. Upon check in we were quickly shown to our rooms, but when we entered our king suite a very strong, musty smell greeted us on the other side. At first I thought I was just being sensitive, but after about an hour in the room we simply had to request to be moved. The smell was too overwhelming. The front desk said they would be happy to move us, but the only other room available was a suite with two double beds, rather than the king bed suite we originally reserved. While this was not exactly what we wanted, we didn't really have a choice to refuse. After transfering to the new room and getting settled, we discovered that the electrical outlet near the sink in the bathroom did not work. While this did not bother my husband too much, I was very annoyed, as I need the mirror while I use my hair dryer, curling iron, etc. I absolutely did not want to have to switch rooms yet again, so I simply had to make due with doing my hair next to the bed. They also only gave us two towels of any kind in the bathroom, so we had to request washcloths and small hand towels, BOTH DAYS we were there! Each time the housekeeping staff seemed incredibly annoyed at these requests. For what we paid to stay at this hotel, we were not impressed at all. The customer service was lackluster and the rooms were not up to par. If you are ever in Chicago, do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.
hSZjkPe True Pos The Omni Chicago really delivers on all fronts, from the spaciousness of the rooms to the helpful staff to the prized location on Michigan Avenue. While this address in Chicago requires a high level of quality, the Omni delivers. Check in for myself and a whole group of people with me was under 3 minutes, the staff had plentiful recommendations for dining and events, and the rooms are some of the largest you'll find at this price range in Chicago. Even the "standard" room has a separate living area and work desk. The fitness center has free weights, weight machines, and two rows of cardio equipment. I shared the room with 7 others and did not feel cramped in any way! All in all, a great property! 
hUW4i4o True Pos our stay was absolutely perfect. its a cool hotel to look at, the design and feel is very trendy and hip. all the staff are terrific, especially the consierge staff-great info and attitude. our room was on the top floor, with great views. super comfy bed, and neat bathroom. fantastic, choose this with no hesitation! 
hXvi12I True Pos The service from check-in to checkout was excellent - timely and efficient. The room was more then I has expected. It was spacious and laid out very well. I particularly enjoyed the living room area as well as the double closets and separate bath and shower. The bed abd pillows were extremely comfortable. I believe it's the first time I stayed in a hotel that provided a toothbrush and toothpaste in the room. The location was perfect for us as we were able to walk to everywhere we needed to go. I particularly enjoyed the excellent food at theChina Grill which is attached to the Hard Rock hotel. The service was very good and the staff very friendly. 
hcZs3DM True Pos Got a great deal through Hotwire for $70 a night but if I ever return to Chicago I would definitely stay again, even at full price. We really liked the rooms muted modern decor, we had John Lennon and Bono for company. Comfortable bed, mini coffe maker, plenty storage space and a lovely, clean bathroom stocked full of Aveda products (so I was sold straight away...it doesn't take much, I know!). If you're a product junkie, tip the maid and request some extra bottles and you will leave with lots of goodies :) We liked the location and had a great view down N Michigan Ave, found the staff to be really friendly and relaxed (reception, gift shop and bar). The bar area is very trendy, I liked the chilled atmosphere which surprised me cause I normally find these types of bars a bit too pretentious for my liking...the lack of memorabilia didn't bother me but I was more interested in the art deco features of the building itself anyway. The only fault was that the speakers in the room were crackling a bit oh, and my boyfriend thinks he was propositioned by a "friendly lady looking for business" when he was at the bar. I think it's a place you will either love or hate, if you like laid back, contemporary hotels without the intimidating factor then this is the place for you! 
hixRpxX Fake Pos When I first booked my reservation at this hotel, honestly, I didn't know what to expect. I mean, I'm kind of a music person, but this was my first real experience with a musically "themed" hotel. Upon staying here, however, I am convinced that I made the right choice in my stay. The dining accommodations were excellent, and I was served probably some of the best food I've ever eaten at a hotel. It was intelligently placed in downtown Chicago, and I wouldn't have to walk too far to see some street performers, or just take in the majesty of the city itself. The room I had booked had an excellent view of the skyline, and I could've easily sat for hours, just marveling at the city sprawled out before me. The whole "Hard Rock" and musical aspect of the hotel was just the icing on the cake of my stay. If I had to stay here again, I would! 
hnn5xxI Fake Pos The windy city fairmont hotel is one of chicago's best recently renovated to bring it up to modern day luxury. With fine dining atmosphere and hotel deluxe suites and the view that is breath taking. This hotel can accommodate the guest no matter what you desire. with a fabulous restaurant on the 15Th floor with dinning at its best. With it over looking the great Chicago area. So the next time your in the windy city come and stay with us where you will be pamper by our fine staff.
hnobzit Fake Pos This was a great hotel, one of the nicest that we have stayed in a long time. My wife was absolutely thrilled with the staff and we couldn't believe the KimptonKids program at the site. We will be back next time we stop in town. We cannot think of a better place to stay. 
hoAbp8Q True Pos We just arrived from a 3 nights stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. It was faboulous. Fine Linen, nice room with bigs windows, bathroom with a shower, flat TV. Check for the deals on the Sofitel website, we had 3 nights for the price of two ! 
hpLvZzO True Neg I can't recall another time I've had to deal with such rude front desk help. While pleasant initially, as soon as I demonstrated the slightest bit of frustration that I was still waiting to claim my luggage for check-in (I arrived prior to check-in time, so they were holding a few bags), the true quality of this establishment surfaced. Never mind that the luggage wasn't sent up to our room in the afternoon or that i waited in the lobby for 15 minutes at 7:30pm still looking for my luggage or at least a bellhop. While that was a bit annoying, the worst part was witnessing the poor attitude of Donna, the very attractive but aloof front desk employee. Her lack of initiative was only matched by her pettiness, as I noticed she refused to make eye contact with me for the remainder of my stay, including when my family came down to the lobby the following morning. I also booked a rate that included parking, which Donna acknowledged at check-in but at check out billed me separately; I assume after I got on her bad side. Even with my last polite good bye to the front desk, I felt a phony, uppity attitude from Donna, and I really can't convey the extent of how insulting it felt. I can honestly say it was the worst part of my first trip to Chicago. The hotel is well appointed and the lobby was small but cozy. Great location as well. To be fair, most of the staff seemed very friendly, and I am not so obtuse as to not recognize my rating of this hotel is a statistical outlier. But I think most travelers, like me, would trade a few amenities for consistent and reliable service, so as to not have a "situation" that could single-handedly ruin a travel experience. Unfortunately, that was the case here.
hpfvGX0 Fake Neg I recently stayed in a room at the trendy Talbott Hotel. It looked nice on the outside so I decided to them a whirl. As soon as I walked in I noticed that there weren't alot of hotel employees. Usually, the large hotel are swarming with service people ready to lend a hand. I was tired and I needed a nice room so as I approached the front desk I noticed something odd. Food was sitting out right in front of the front desk. People were talking different items such as bagels and muffins from the left over breakfast rush. Crumbs everywhere especially where I was suppose to exchange cash and room keys. Let's just say it wasn't professional. The room was average and the bathroom didn't carry the kinds of brands I would have liked to see. No Wi-Fi connection and I had to walk down the hall for ice. Talk about lack of customer service. All in all, the stay was sub-par and nothing special.
hq6jFA7 True Pos in the windy city ,this is a very good place.amazing rooms and service.everything is a walking distance .An absolute must for business trio as ease with which you can conduct and schedule meetings here is unbeatable. Good decor and impishly modern 
hqeZcHg Fake Pos excellent staff and customer service, very clean and spotless. elegant and luxurious with a beautiful ocean view. the bed is very comfortable and relaxing. i give it a five star.
hvX1JQD Fake Neg Our trip to Chicago was a complete delight despite our stay at the Affinia Hotel. Because their rates were actually higher than we were used to in New York City, we naturally assumed we would get a nicer establishment. We could not have been more wrong. This place focuses on gimmicks to set themselves apart from their competition. Uunfortunately, it does set them apart but in a strictly negative way. Both the "Dream Pillow Menu" and the "Experience Kit" were a complete flop. With the "Dream Pillow Menu", the hotel offered patrons what seemed to be great pillow choices from down-stuffed to hypoallergenic selections. We happily chose the fluffy down pillows but when we got to our room and laid down on them a giant poof of dust came out. At first, I thought it was my imagination so I stood up and hit the pillows on the edge of the bed. More dust came out them! Particles were flying around the room, I'm now sneezing and there was this disgusting grit all over my sunglasses that were sitting on the night stand. I called the desk and they sent up replacements for all the pillows. These pillows were some kind of "music pillow" that pluged into an mp3 player. I was sleeping on uncomfortable cords all night. In general, the staff was pleasant and tried to be accommodating, but there was just no apology good enough for filthy pillows. Another failed gimmick they offered was the "Experience Kits". We were given (ours to keep) a collection of some maps (which were actually very nice), a walking tour guide that was all marked up, and a handy deck of cards opened and missing two cards. If this place lacked attention to detail, that is one thing, but it lacked any attention at all. If the pillows weren't already enough, at this point I was certain that I would never stay at this establishment again. Run, don't walk away from this place.
hwjegFo True Pos I can only confirm the positve reviews previously mentioned. We stayed in room 1112, King with River View. No noise and very comfortable.The price was a bargain at $191 a night. I would stay here again. The "L" from Midway Airport lets you off about two blocks from the Hotel. It's a $2 ride - no need for a $40 taxi ride. 
i4uba8L Fake Pos The Affinia Manhattan is fantastic! My husband and I stayed there when we went to visit my sister. I loved the room. It was one of the best hotel beds we have ever slept in. The view was incredible. Manhattan is one of the most beautiful places I have ever been. The staff was very helpful as well. They had no problem going out of their way to be helpful. I would suggest this hotel to anybody!
i6gFnHd True Pos Stayed at the Chicago Affinia Dec 10 thru Dec 12 and was very impressed with the staff, the room, and the location. Close to shopping and the pizza place next door was great. Of course, there were many other restaraunts nearby as well. I had a little trouble figuring out the heat, but it was fine once I learned how to set it. They were working on the hotel, so we got a great rate. But the work never bothered us. The room was great, with the walk-in shower in the spacious bathroom a wonderful surprise. I would definately stay here again and would recommend to others. 
i7iu0WU Fake Neg On a recent stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millemmium Park Hotel I was appalled at the service I received at such a supposedly high end hotel. When I arrived I had to wait in the lobby for 15 minutes before someone came to the front desk to check me in. Apparently the desk clerk was on a personal phone call with her boyfriend and just had to know where he was going and who he was with. Finally I was given the key to my non-smoking room away from the vending area. Much to my chagrin my room was right next to the vending area and I heard other guests going back and forth to the ice machine until nearly midnight. And the room was obviously a room for smokers. The blankets on the bed and the pillows reaked of cigarette smoke. I, of course complained, but was told that was the only room available as they had booked every room for a conference but I was welcome to check out and go to another hotel. After a fitfull night's sleep I awoke to children running up and down the hallway. Their parents were no where in sight. My shower was cold and had no pressure. I was given two towels one of which had not been laundered. I could not wait to check out and informed the manager on duty of my complaints and told him I would not be recommending this hotel to anyone and would go online to write my review so anyone interested would see it. I cannot understand how such a highly rated hotel could be so far from the mark.
i9ldwU7 Fake Neg My wife and I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago and, after our experience there, we will not be returning. With a hotel that markets itself as "luxury," we were expecting to get a big bang for our buck. We were disappointed, to say the least. First of all, we stayed in the King Deluxe room and it was uncomfortably small. The space was used poorly - my wife and I could not walk around the bed at the same time because there was so little space. The decor seemed rather dated and not of the best quality. Although they said our room woudl be ready at 3, we had to wait almost an hour past that for our room to be ready. Although the staff did offer a complimentary drink as an apology, they didn't seem terribly upset or apologetic about the inconvenience this caused. The noise at night from the city is horrible - even with the radio on in our room we could hear traffic and pedestrians on the street well past midnight. The hotel would not move us to a different room. All in all, I felt that we paid $100.00 for a luxury hotel and got a $40 Motel 6. We will definitely not be back anytime soon.
iB2X5vh Fake Pos This is a beautiful hotel inside and outside. The rooms were very comfortable and clean. The hotel made my experience of visiting this city even more wonderful, I highly recommend this to anyone. 
iENkuEr Fake Neg I had heard good things about the Ambassador East and decided to stay there on vacation with my husband -- what a mistake! First off, they charge for being able to use the internet, which should be a given these days, especially for how much you pay for the room. The "champagne" was cheap , I could have spent $15 to get my own bottle. The King room was just as small as a double room anyway. The bed was really hard, and crudely made. Maybe there was someone new on the staff that didn't know how to make a bed, but besides that, the sheets were starched to military stiffness. It was so uncomfortable! When I asked if we might get some new sheets, the staff were so incredibly rude and told me I was basically stuck with what I had because they're "all that way". I was appalled! Anyway, we gave it a shot and stayed there that night, in the mediocre luster of the room design. We didn't sleep well and didn't particularly enjoy ourselves, especially because apparently there was a wedding going on in the building because we could hear the party! I mean, talk about the opposite of peaceful! Again, we tried appealing to the staff to have our room moved away from the party, but they said they couldn't move us because of the romance package. What a jip! After the kind of "fun" we'd had, we realized we couldn't handle anymore. We called for a manager the next morning and fought with him for a couple hours. We wanted to just cancel the second night of our stay, and he said he'd do that, but that we'd still be charged a percentage of it! After telling him everything that had happened and how displeased we were, we finally got him to not charge us and left to go stay at another hotel that was actually relaxing.
iNcd6o6 True Neg i valeted my lexus and it was returned with a smashed side mirror. They admitted it was their fault, and now they won't pay the $500 to fix it because we can't prove it was not broken before!!! the hotel is wonderful, the rooms are new and nice, but we will never stay here again because of this....Be sure to inspect your car before you leave!
iV2cmMn True Pos We have just returned from 4 nights at the Conrad Chicago, everthing about the hotel was excellent. Wonderful room and service from all the staff was first class. Great view from our room. The hotels location is great, right in the centre of the magnificent mile. A wonderful stay in an amazing city was made perfect by our stay at the Conrad. 
iVPEJpV Fake Neg We booked this trip several months in advance and were greatly looking forward to our stay at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago. However, our experience was significantly different from what we expected, for the following reasons. First of all, there was only one person at the front desk when we arrived. That person was preoccupied with something on their computer so our presence was not acknowledged for several minutes. Then when we got to our room, there were beautiful drapes in the window and across one entire wall but I found them to be incredibly dusty. Just bumping into them slightly caused a cloud of dust to emerge which I found distasteful. Overall it was a good stay but those two inconveniences made us question the amount of money we paid for it.
iZGjWPy Fake Neg I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel this past summer for 5 days and it was the worst hotel experience I have ever had! Firstly, the sheets that were on the bed seemed as if they were the same ones the previous guests had left on there; they looked dingy or just plain dirty. Second, I went to function one night and came back in late so I was really tired the next morning, hence I slept in late. I put the "Do Not Disturb" sign on my door and the room service still came knocking down my door asking if they can come and clean. Obviously, the room service lady can't read. Third, and worst of them all, when I checked I was only allowed valet parking so I gave up my keys hoping to get back my car in one piece. Well, the next morning when I asked for my car to be retrieved, there was a big dent in the driver's door of my 2010 Mustang! I was livid and the valet guy was insisting that he got it like that. In the end I had to get my door repaired on my own! The only thing I liked there was the food and it wasn't even all that. I was so disappointed and so I'm warning everyone to think twice before you make a reservation.
igTrViJ True Neg It's so frustrating when a hotel posts a deal prominently on its website, claiming said deal is available on certain dates. But, when you call to make a reservation based on that deal, they tell you it's not available. There are rooms available, but not the deal. Then they try to condescendingly tell you they can only sell so many rooms at such a deal. I get that. Then just SAY that on the website. "Here's a great deal . . . but only a small number of people will actually get it." So much for the great reviews about service . . . I couldn't even get past the first phone call without being frustrated and annoyed. Bad form, Conrad, bad form.
iqp6iTT Fake Pos This is one of the best hotels I have ever been in. I went there to see about scheduling my reception party, and was amazed at the architecture of the building, the interior design of the rooms, and the massive spacing provided for each room. Now I recommend this hotel to my associates to hold their important business meetings in the James Club, so that after the meetings, we can partake in a nice meal and drinks. Which brings me to my next point. The James has some of the BEST food I have ever eaten!!! The James Private Club, I feel was made for the elite and upper class. Very classy, very elegant. The customer service is outstanding. I recommend this hotel to anyone needing to hold a reception, business meeting, or just need to have a day at the spa. 5 stars all the way!!! 
irlBBIw Fake Pos The Downtown Chicago Hilton was the best combination of all the things we were looking for in a hotel- perfect location for both those of us who like shopping and those of us who prefer tourist attractions. Staying with a Hilton means the essentials are never a concern- as always, the room was clean and impeccably neat, the staff friendly and very capable. The wireless access and big flat screen TV were an added plus too! Best of all, it is a pet-friendly hotel, something that is unusual in bigger city 4-diamond hotels. Thanks, Chicago Hilton, for a great stay!
iv7bP7g True Pos We stay at Hilton for 4 nights last march. It was a pleasant stay. We got a large room with 2 double beds and 2 bathrooms, The TV was Ok, a 27' CRT Flat Screen. The coincierge was very friendly when we need. The room was very cleaned when we arrived, we ordered some pizzas from room service and the pizza was Ok also.The main Hall is beautiful. The breakfast is charged, 20 dollars, kinda expensive. The internet access (WiFi) is charged, 13 dollars/day. Pros: Low rate price, huge rooms, close to attractions at Loop, close to metro station. Cons: Expensive breakfast, Internet access charged. Tip: When leaving the building, always use the Michigan Av exit. Its a great view. 
j3xKRQH Fake Neg The Omni Chicago Hotel is not pretty as they advertise it. First of all, it really difficult to get there because its located in down town Chicago and they fail to mention that the traffic is a nightmare. If you finally make to the hotel you have to wait like 30 minutes for the front desk to take care of you. When I arrived there was one person at the desk and a few people checking in, and I thought the wait time was ridiculous. To make matters worse, I need internet connection and the day I was there they had technical problems and the Internet was not working in my room. Two hours later they managed it get to work, the connection was still very slow. For my part, the hotel might look nice but services is did not meet my expectations. I was disappointed and will never stay there again, if I go back to Chicago. If was rating it, I would give it 1/2 star out of 5.
j4713DE True Neg The hotel is well located, but the service is poor. They seem to cater to large conventioneers, with service more like a moderate chain hotel - not your typical Fairmont. There are too many specifics to outline here, let's just say that from the front desk, to the spa, room service which only got my order correct one-day, to housekeeping which didn't even clean my room one day (although they sent a manager to inspect the room because the housekeeper said she did clean the room. Yep, that's just what you want to come home to after 10 hrs of meetings! They did offer me a complimentary breakfast for my inconvenience! The hotel is large and many times between 5-7 pm there would literally be a long line of guests waiting for an elevator. I've stayed at this Fairmont twice. The 1st time I attended a conference nearby and the last time l chose it for the price. But it's not worth enduring such poor service. That was the last time for me.
j8e2GQl Fake Neg Our stay at the Sofitel was definitely below our expectations. The staff was less than nice to me after I waited several minutes until I was noticed. At first, my reservation could not be found, so I was provided a spare room. The hotel was fairly neat. However, once we got to the room, and onto the bed, we found the bed to be noisy. Just sitting on it made a squeaking noise that was unpleasant. We immediately called down to the front desk and informed them of our concern. We were told to go back downstairs to settle things out. Once we got downstairs, we were provided with another room number. However, we had to wait half an hour for another room to be cleaned and prepared. For such a well reviewed hotel, I was highly disappointed with the amount of time I had to spend to get settled into a room.
j9Il2o7 True Neg I recently stayed here for the Chicago triathlon. This was my third stay at this hotel. I have not had any issues until this visit. After the 3rd day of my stay I requested my room to be serviced and returned to what I thought was a clean room. While getting out of bed I was cut by a piece of glass in the carpet. I must not have been the first person to be cut in the room because I found dried blood on the bathroom floor afterwards. I had not noticed it before so I was very disgusted. We notified the staff and asked that the room be vacuumed and the bathroom mopped. We returned to the room after 5pm to find that the dried blood was still on the floor. After making a complaint to the customer service I have gotten no reply from the hotel. Considering the price point of this downtown hotel I would think that they would try to live up the 5 star rating but instead they have failed miserably. Luckily there are many hotels to choose from in downtown Chicago.
jMfyGoa Fake Neg For 250 dollars, cheapest room available at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago, you would assume you would have access to wifi. Yet, that was not the case. I was told I "could have had" internet if I had booked through the site, which I didnt. The lady in the reception had no idea what she was talking about and had to ask around about internet access in general.
jYTaH0p Fake Neg Upon first inspection, Sofitel Chicago Water Tower looks like an excellent place to spend a few days in the heart of downtown Chicago, but appearances can certainly be deceiving. Best summed up, Sofitel is nothing more than a fancy Holiday Inn. It certainly shows that this hotel is part of a chain, even if it is an international one. The customer service is poor unless you look like you have $50 to tip someone. The furniture throughout the establishment looks and feels like it cane from Ikea. The rooms are dirty when you first walk in, the air feels stale, and the views are certainly all they're cracked up to be. None of this is worth a "luxury" price or even worthy of a "luxury" name. I will certainly not be staying here again.
jYwMBDm Fake Pos My experience at the Hyatt Regency Chicago was simply amazing. I had a wonderful stay there will my husband. My husband has allergy problems nearly everywhere we go, and we were worried about that so we talked to the desk clerk there. They were able to provide us with a Hyatt allergy-friendly room. We were so relieved and the room was beautiful. The furniture in the room was actually cleaned with pure tea tree oil. It was the most comfortable stay we have ever had. On top of that my husband had to spend some time in the room working on some business, so the high speed internet they provided was very convenient. We took full advantage of the 24 hour room service. I will definitely stay there again. It is a vacation simply staying in your hotel room. 
jZ5DATT Fake Pos I stayed in the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel with my husband and two kids last weekend, and will definitely use this hotel again for future travels. The spacious rooms with modern, innovative furniture and comfortable beds was a great contrast to the small, dismal rooms and rock-hard beds that I have found at other hotel chains. The bathrooms were neat, tidy, and well-stocked with towels and personal needs such as toilet paper, shampoo, and soap. The carpet was clean (not stained and dingy like some hotels), the room decor was astounding, and the view from our window was wonderful. I enjoyed every aspect of this hotel stay, from the courteous staff at check-in to the ease of requesting room service and checking out. Thanks for making me feel right at home!
jdY9yrg Fake Pos If you are looking for a luxurious downtown Chicago experience, the Conrad Chicago is the place to stay. The rooms are equipped with the most comfortable beds dressed with the most luxurious bedding, a 42 inch flat screen television, a spa like bathroom with marble vanity and soaking tub, and views of downtown Chicago that will take your breath away. The hotel has many amenities for you to enjoy while you are there including great restaurants and bars, high speed internet, a fitness facility and laundry services. This hotel was a great place to stay and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a high quality place to stay in downtown Chicago.
jlbNkm1 Fake Neg I had never been to Chicago and was looking forward to sightseeing after my business conference. My company had arranged for me to stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel located in the center of the Magnificent Mile. Once I arrived at the hotel and gave it the once over, I was pleased but not impressed. Once I put down by luggage and inquired about my reservation. I was told that my room was not ready yet and that there'd be an hour delay. I tried not to lose my temper and pleasantly asked if I could have another room. I was told there was a convention going on in the hotel and every room was filled. I would have left, but my company had a account at this hotel. If I stayed somewhere else, I'd have to pay out of pocket. The service employee behind the counter flippantly told me to take a seat and went back to talking with his gum-chewing co-worker. I picked up my luggage and plopped down in a cushy chair that wobbled. The leg in front on the left side was broken. I picked up my luggage and moved to another chair. Two hours passed by before I was given my room. When I walked into the room the first thing I smelled was cigarette smoke. I was mad because I explicitly asked for a "non-smoking" room. I was furious. I didn't feel like going back downstairs and dealing with the idiot behind the counter and I was tried from my long flight. I sighed, tipped the bellboy and slammed the door to my room. I thought maybe I could use the air conditioning to freshen the room. When I went to turn it on, it didn't work. Tired and angry, I went to sleep, thinking I'll never stay at this hotel again.
jmpyPPD True Pos My wife and I just spent 3 nights at The Talbott. The room was spacious, comfortable and well-appointed. The hotel is quiet although there is some construction nearby. Linens and towels first-class. Free Wi-Fi in the room. The location is terrific, just one block to Michigan Avenue. We will stay here on future visits. 
jngqSQZ Fake Neg Hyatt Regency Chicago seemed like a nice place to stay, but we didn't like it very much. The renovations were cheap and poorly done (our bathroom faucet was leaky and the carpet had bumps in it.) The staff was RUDE! I was trying to find a good cab service, and the guy behind the front desk made me wait for 20 minutes while he was finishing a phone call! Couldn't he have at least called someone else to help me? The "Babies Travel Lite" gave us the wrong sized diapers, so we had to go find some anyway, and with the hotel being located in the heart of the city that meant we found some unsavory characters along the way.
jtnCzsJ Fake Pos This is the best hotel to stay in when visiting Chicago. I travel a lot, both for business and vacation. The Talbott Hotel is a cozy yet stately hotel that is handsome, and elegant. Not to mention all the modern features that I'm used to having at home, are available in the room. I brought my wife on my last business trip and we stayed in the one bedroom suite. She didn't even want to leave the room. The concierge was especially helpful in finding us a romantic place to go for dinner. 
juYFQw0 True Neg I never write these reviews, but felt that it was important to state that this hotel should not be the #1 2008 travelers choice. Terrible Service, Lazy Doormen/bellmen/concierge/valet, Lack of Respect, allow dogs to bark all morning after multiple complaints, Phantom charges to room, front dest at checkout and checkin were pompus. The icing on the cake was me watching the doormen stand and watch while a father tried to open a door to push his stroller through with his infant son, and the doorman watched on doing nothing. Me and my girlfriend are young, look young in how we dress, but in all honesty make more money than most...and we were treated like cheap poor kids. I had dinner reservations at Spaiggia and wanted to order a car to pick us up, the concierge exclaimed that, "You know its not jeans and running shoes right Mr. Blank?" Assuming I was too dumb to realize that a 5 star $200/person restraunt wont allow tennis shoes because I am young? Very Dissapointed. Very nice looking, comfortable beds, great room service, contemporary, younger crowd, but service was terrible.
kDMpq0T Fake Pos I stayed in on of The James one bedroom apartments for two weeks while in Chicago visiting my daughter. The pre-arrival assistant was incredibly helpful in acquiring some necessities I forgot to pack and left them in my room for me. Later in the week I treated myself to an Asha Massage from their lengthy list of delicious spa services. Afterward I smelled wonderful and was the most relaxed I'd been in years. My room was clean and modern, yet warm and comforting with dark wood tones and lush bedding. I'll certainly be staying with them again in the future. 
kDUbfoa Fake Neg Whilst no doubt being in a good location this hotel falls short in other areas. Most notably is cleanliness, as although the lobby was very clean, the corridors of my floor as well as the room was not. Dust lined the carpeted floor for the hallways, and in the room the the bed emitted an unpleasant odor as if the sheets had not been changed in some time. The furnishings were nice and modern, but with various blemishes upon close inspection. Bathroom was relatively clean, with the exception of the shower. View was nice for this particular room, and service was relatively quick. The food in the restaurant was average but again cleanliness was an issue. This time with the glasses which were stained, the waiter promptly apologized and returned with new glasses but this is still inexcusable in what is advertised as a high class hotel. I will not make the mistake of staying here again.
kHmiESS True Neg My family booked five nitghts at the Omni Chicago for our upcoming spring break. We took advantage of a pre-paid, non-cancellable offer. We subsequently received a "Bed & Breakfast" offer via email and immediately called the hotel to inquire whether we could switch our reservation (same dates, different offer). We called the 800' number and the customer services representative was so obnoxiously condescending and ignorant, we simply hung up. We had been looking forward to our vacation, but now I am not sure I made the right choice with this hotel. I should have paid closer attention to the reviews - the Ritz, the Four Seasons, and the Peninsula would have never treated us this way. I will post again after our stay on April 17th.
kO2ZfKN True Pos Stayed in a Junior Suite which was beautiful and spacious. It had the largest flat screen tv I have ever seen in a hotel (great excuse to catch up on some movies) The breakfast buffet was great and was served in the hotels huge atrium which was nice. The service was top notch. Stayed in a lower floor in the East tower which was great as there was no waits for an elevator and they were always empty. The Shed aquarium was a complete waste of time and money but the Field musium was amazing. Chicago remains tied with London as my favourite city. 
kPzsxH0 True Neg While overall a decent property, the incident I had with this hotel has been like none other in my history of travel. I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco for five nights, checking out on Monday, March 19th. Shortly after leaving the hotel and retrieving my car from the valet, my partner and I noticed a large scrape on the bumper of the car that wasn't present upon checking in. We had not requested use of the car for the duration of our stay. I called the hotel approximately two hours after checking out and was directed to speak with the garage manager at Park One (their valet company) who stated that he would review video of the car and call me back within 48 hours to verify that the car was unblemished upon arrival, and was scraped upon departure from the garage. The garage manager, Mike Yunan, didn't call back until I had an email exchange with the general manager of the hotel, Marco Scherer. When he finally got back to me, the garage manager stated that he would file an "incident report" and claim with his insurance company, Travelers, which would eventually deny the claim because garage staff wouldn't admit fault or liability, nor did they supply the video they stated they had of the car entering or exiting the garage, which could have verified that the damage wasn't present upon check-in, but was at check-out. Their insurance representative even told me that the garage does not have surveillance at that location, contradicting the garage manager. In the end, this Kimpton InTouch guest got stuck with a $1,000 bill for parking at this Kimpton property: an almost $500 paint scrape on top of a $48/per day parking fee, rental car expenses, several hours of lost time in dealing with the issue, and one gigantic headache. In the end, do NOT trust the valets or staff at this hotel, and take your business elsewhere if at all possible.
kS4GlwF True Neg I am staying here now and actually am compelled to write this review before I fall asleep. The front desk staff were brief and one of them was chatting with her friend (gossiping) as I checked in (VERY unprofessional). The room she offered me was on a 'high' floor (5th.... HA) and when I checked in there was a big bag of grapes left behind by the previous guest on the window sill and some of the previous guests hair in the bathtub....I was DONE. Called down and had them re-clean the room; they made no offer to compensate or upgrade...not even a bottle of wine. The front desk clerk suggested I come down and get a key to another room (like I have time for that). Disappointing as I do like Kimpton hotels and am a Kimpton In Touch member (btw they've done away with the amenities...you just get a free item from the mini bar).
kZiCh6P Fake Pos Best hotel in an excellent location I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower with my husband and kid as he came there for a Business purpose. My 1 year old kid was jumping on the bed and he really enjoyed the atmosphere of the room. The front desk people were too welcoming and the staffs were very friendly . The room service was also good. The room was very clean and the bathrooms are so good . I like the decor of the room. The French restaurant in Sofitel is so good and we both enjoyed the dining . I will surely prefer to stay in Sofitel on a next time travel to Chicago.
kcZT3J5 True Neg I had requested a quiet room several weeks in advance, yet was given a room facing the street from which I could hear traffic noise. I asked to be moved and was told that nothing was available until the next day. The next morning, prior to being moved to a quiet room, the toilet in my original room overflowed creating a large unsanitary flood. About an hour later I was moved to a room which did not face the street. The room was quiet but smaller and darker. The mattresses in each room were very firm, I would even say hard. I asked if any softer mattresses were available and was told that the mattresses were all the same. At checkout I tried to give the hotel a form of payment that differed from the card the room was reserved under, and this process was still not done correctly after 10 minutes, which seemed longer because the van to the airport was waiting right outside, with other passengers. (The cost was not correctly charged until almost a week later.) As recompense for the noise, flood, etc., the hotel offered exactly nothing. Not a great stay.
ke6ySqp Fake Pos I took my family to the Affinia Chicago for a short vacation last summer and it was fabulous. My kids say that their favorite part was the pool and the fact that the amusement park is really close by. My wife was really stoked with Spaffina. The pampering and really made her feel special. And they are very attentive to pets also. My dog we left home but he would have been stoked with the pets amenities and attention.The hotel is also connected to a ton of other hotels, so their Stash award lets you earn points at a lot of other hotels also. My favorite part of all was that my family was happy and content, which left me free to go over to Underground Wonderbar for a nice cocktail.
kgfsmr2 Fake Pos My three night stay at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was the perfect way to end a weekend. The hotel has a classy but warm atmosphere with color tones that please the mind and soothe the eyes. The staff was ready to help at any notice and always greeted you with a cheerful smile. The mySpa was the getaway of a life time. My only complaint would be that the bed covers were a bit too stiff as they were new and clean but the softness of the bed whisked me away to a deep slumber in no time. Well worth the money and I know my next stay will be much longer. 
khzrn6Z Fake Neg Hi, I had very bad experience with this hotel, as the rooms had bad smell and very dim light. the bed sheets were not properly cleaned. Also the carpet was dirty though AC was working properly. But i would nor recommend this hotel to my friends as it did not satisfied me. There was a problem with hot and cold water in the bathroom. Please do not go to this hotel, it seems very nice from the pictures and all but in actual its different.
l0opEAx True Neg The service was reasonably well...they seemed to have my reservation and checked me in fairly easily. The location was fine being that it was central to the city but I found out that it was also a tremendous drawback. It was interesting that the survey I took at the hotel in order to obtain internet access at the hotel asked what my most important quality was in a hotel visit and my response "Quiet". My visit was anything but, mainly attributed to the fact that they put me on the second floor, facing the street. I awoke at 4 a.m. and never did return to sleep because of the constant street noise and screeching of the L train that sounded as though it was just outside my window. Not the most conducive for a restful sleep prior to an important meeting. At check-out when I informed the hotel clerk of my dissatisfation he chuckled and said, " Ah, city noise."
l2dDUdP True Neg October 3rd, 2007 My wife and I stayed at The Sofitel toward the end of September 2007. The hotel is VERY modern. The room was immaculate, but the furiture looked as though it came from IKEA. It was chipped in many places. The light switches were difficult to find, and the HVAC made noise. However, the bed was wonderful. The bathroom was large and well maintained. Housekeeping brought us as many towels as we wanted. The restaurant was small. You can eat for less at a 24 hour restaurant around the corner called Tempo. If you want a truly great breakfast try The Peninsula Hotel. However, after dining there you might not want to return to The Sofitel. Prior to checking in we had paid for everything in full. When we checked in, we were asked to leave a credit card for incidentals. Upon returning home, we discovered that although the credit card had not been used the Sofitel had an authorization placed on it. This reduced the line of credit, and it took several days to be removed from the card. Great location! Reasonable value. If you have a Privilege Card they allow you to check out at 4pm as opposed to 12 in the afternoon.
l3IVIB7 Fake Neg The Hyatt Regency Chicago basically caters to guests who want to feel like they're staying in a Nice Hotel as soon as they enter the lobby. In other words, come here for the looks, not the amenities. They make a big deal out of the fact that their bedsheets undergo a special de-germifying process.... you know, because a simple washing machine just isn't good enough. To me, this sort of thing appeals to folks who enjoy being picky and narcissistic because they identify these traits with being "rich"--which most of them are not. Meanwhile, the hotel doesn't even offer free wireless--an essential feature for business travelers like me. Obviously I'm not the intended consumer, though, so I guess I shouldn't be surprised.
l4hRE01 True Pos After reading so many great reviews I booked the Hotel Monaco and was not disappointed. I booked through their web site about 2 1/2 months prior to arrival for $170/night plus tax for a room with 2 queens. The location was perfect - right by the river near Michigan Ave. - minutes walk to the El, Millenium Park, the Theater District and Shopping. The room was clean, a little larger than standard and nicely decorated. We had window seats in the room with a view of the river. There was Starbucks coffee in the lobby in the morning and a wine reception in the evening. To top it off, the staff was very friendly and knowledgable about the area. 
l7StUTX Fake Pos The Ambassador East Hotel, located in downtown Chicago, is one of the BEST hotels I've ever stayed in. My wife and I went into the city on a weekend getaway and found the Ambassador East on a hotel booking website. Their rates are very, very reasonable for the high class and luxury that they provide. I was pleased to know that they allow pets as we decided to go into the city last minute and couldn't find anyone to watch our dog for the weekend. I was more than pleased with the friendly staff and felt like their hotel put an extra emphasis on knowing their customer, which is nice because most places in Chicago are very impersonal. All in all i was very pleased with our stay and would recommend it to anyone looking for a place to stay in the downtown area. 5/5 Stars. 
l8euVlj Fake Pos WOW! That is all I can say! My girlfriends and I recently went on a little 'excursion' to Chicago for a girls weekend and we stayed at this beautiful hotel. The rooms were beautifully decorated in a comfortable, modern style. The beds were so comfortable and cozy with the softest bedding I have ever felt on a hotel bed. Our views were just as amazing. We could even see Lake Michigan from our suite. We only dined in the hotel once during our trip, but it was the best time we had. The Aria Restaurant was so elegant yet fun. Very clean and just a great atmosphere. The staff was extremely professional and courteous, going out of their way to ensure our stay was a pleasure from the moment we walked through their doors. Highly recommended! A must see next time you visit this area. 
lBHcR8w Fake Pos This is a beautiful hotel with a great view of the Chicago River and a short walk to all the best places to visit in the city! I had an unbelievably pleasant and relaxing stay with an in-room massage and fantastic room service. If you're looking for a vacation in Chicago and want to experience the best the city has to offer as well as live in luxury and comfort, I highly recommend this hotel and I would definitely come again!
lFWTGst Fake Neg I was very disappointed with this hotel. The front desk clerk was rude; she was on a personal call and took 10 mins. to get off the phone. When I arrived in the room the bed wasn't made from the last guest and all the towels were dirty. I called down to the front desk and she made me come back down from the twelveth floor for a new room assignment(on the twelveth floor). Once downstairs the clerk treated me as though I had done something wrong. When I arrived in the new room I found the bathroom less than clean... There was hair all over the floor, toilet and shower. The shower curtain was mildewed and dried toothpaste spit on the mirror. My allergies started to bother me, immediately upon entering the room, so I checked the filter in the air conditioner. Which looked like it had never been cleaned.The comforter was stained and the carpet looked like it never saw a vacuum. While waiting on acceptable room I went to dinner. Which proved to be as bad as the rooms. The lettuce in my salad was brown and slimmy. The steak was rare and I asked for medium. Not to mention, it tasted like rotten meat.The veggies looked like they had been cooked a week earlier and the potato was shriveled and dry. To top the whole experience off... When I went to turn on the lamp in my final room it electrocuted and the ambulance had to come get me for a 2 day hospital stay.
lPVr944 True Pos Stayed here for 3 nights for a Bridgestone/Firestone convention. No complaints. Room was great with a beautiful view. Staff was very accommodating. Had drinks and appetizers in main bar. Fantastic! Great location. Yes it's a huge hotel as it's used for conventions but that didn't stop it from being a great place. 
lRdvk9m Fake Neg The name Conrad (the most luxurious of all Hilton hotels) should illicit nothing but images of pure elegance and luxury; however, the Conrad in Chicago, IL did obviously not receive the memo. Upon entering the hotel, we were not greeted by any of the hotel staff. Additionally, we were not offered any help. The desk receptionist was beyond rude. Her snide remarks towards my wife and me set the tone for a the rest of our stay. After getting our card, we were finally offered help with our luggage. The young man who helped us could barely handle our luggage. Strangely, he somehow found more strength when it was time to collect his tip. He received the tip he deserved, which he scoffed about and groaned under his breath as he walked away. Upon first looking at the room it was beautiful. However, closer inspection revealed that the room had NOT been cleaned since the last visitor had left. There was hair in the sink and around the toilet. There was even a used bar of soap in the bathtub. This fact was not met with any apology by hotel staff. Instead, I was told that was preposterous and that the room had indeed been cleaned to the highest of standards. Two-hours later, someone came into the room to "investigate". When they saw the mess that had been left, they offered a menial apology. Still another two hours later, housekeeping arrived. The level of incompetence even extended to the valets in the parking garage. In the most incredible display of stupidity of our visit, the valet actually brought the wrong car to me. I was half tempted to take the car that was brought to me (it was certainly an incredible make and model), but my better judgment prevailed. I informed the valet of his mistake, to which he replied, "Sorry dude, I read your ticket wrong." I know that he did not smoke in my car, but he smelled so strongly of smoke, that the smell melted into my seat. Luckily, its location on Rush will help get out of the terror that is Conrad Chicago. There are so many better hotels in Chicago -- please spend your money elsewhere.
lSnNKjM Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago during Labor day weekend, huge mistake! When I got to my room everything seemed okay,Until I went into the bathroom. There was a steady drip noise coming from the bathroom sink and no matter how hard I turned the knob, it would not stop. There was none of the usual bath soap nor was it stocked with any toilet paper. It also seems that housekeeping just swept everything behind the toilet as I saw a wad of hair, and scraps of tissue behind the bowl. I called the front desk and ask them to send someone up to stock the bathroom and clean it. While I was waiting I turned on the air conditioning because it was kind of warm in there.... the a.c. started blowing out hot, musky air and had the room smelling horrible. I made another phone call to front desk and complained and asked them to switch my room. They told me all they had available was a double bed and it was near an elevator. I was so frustrated between the odor and the steady drip I was hearing I had no choice but to take it. When I moved to the new room, there was now a large damp spot near the window which smelled very strongly of beer and the light in my bathroom would not turn on. Front desk once again sent someone to my room to fix the problems and finally 2 hours later, I was able to relax and settle in. Hard Rock is definitely not what it used to be and for that reason, I will not be staying there again.
lT3SpBq True Pos Got a good deal on a weekend pacage in this Hotel and have to say it is the nicest stay I have had in more than a dozen business trips to Chicago. All rooms are Suites, staff is friendly and professional, Restaurant is out of this world and all the extras like a great health club, turn down service, complimentary morning beverages delivered to room and on and on. Room was very clean and every need was attended to without feeling intruded on. Will definately stay here again. 
lYcSTsh Fake Pos For a short time during vacation I had rented a room from The Ambassador East Hotel, I have to say I was quite impressed with what I experienced and would referre others looking to stay in a hotel to that given location. The hotel is comfortable and spacey with nice staff who are always polite to aid you whenever it is needed, and trust me I am not the nicest person in the world so this says a lot. The food is good, location is great, everything is easily accessible and all the given luxuries of a hotel are well kept here.
lbZ6PGz True Pos We got a great deal on this hotel, just $91 found through travelzoo. We only stayed one night, but were very impressed. The sevice was fantastic from the moment we stepped up to the property. The hotel smelled wonderful and was immaculate. Our room, while not enormous was perfect. We had a great view of the city and lake. The bed was extremely comfortable. We never heard any noise outside of our room. The bathroom was nice sized considering we must have had one of the smaller rooms in the hotel, two could get ready very comfortably. Location was perfect, just off Michigan Ave and steps away from Millenium Park. We would definetly stay here again, especially if we could get this great deal! 
likYklO True Pos I stayed at the Omni for one night following a business meeting at another downtown Chicago hotel. I was completely impressed by the service; all personnel during my stay were absolutely outstanding. I checked in quite early (no problem) and was efficiently checked in. My room had a somewhat heavy scent of air freshener (the ONLY negative from the entire stay), which was managed reasonably well by opening the windows. I don't generally require much during my hotel stays, but suffice to say the doorman, housekeeping, the night manager and bartender at 676, the day waiter at 676, and the concierge were amazing - I never waited more than about 30 seconds for anything. The room was very comfy and the amenities were superior. One very tiny complaint - there was no wastebasket near the sink or near the wet bar - had to walk to the other end of the bathroom or sitting room to dispose of kleenex/coffee paraphernalia. One wastebasket would make all the difference. All that said - what a great hotel!! Thanks, Omni - I had a great stay! 
lqLGqIT Fake Pos Great Hotel! The staff is friendly, corteous, and professional. They made me feel like I was a returning guest which I was not (but I will be!). The rooms were very clean and I slept well in the comfy bed. They have a complimentary workout deal with the nearby healthclub that I took advantage of several times since it was to cold to run outside. My only issue was the battery for the TV remote died. However, a call to the front desk remedied that situation in about 2 minutes! 5 stars!!!
lqMffL7 True Pos Stayed at the Monaco for a romantic weekend getaway and it was simply fantastic. Very convenient for walking to museums, shopping and park nearby. The room has a great box window that you can sit in and enjoy the view. We also requested a goldfish which was a pleasant surprise and added to the charm and uniqueness of the hotel. Helpful staff, wifi, Aveda products, decent restaurant downstairs for brunch, easy to get a taxi and nothing beats the location. I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel, for business or pleasure. 
lr0bblx Fake Neg We stayed at this hotel for our last vacation to the windy city. Although the hotel looks nice, the service is terrible. The staff was rude and unprofessional and not helpful at all. The room service closes at 8pm so don't plan on getting hungry after that time. Also, even though we stayed for a whole week we had to ask for new towels and extra toiletries. I will never go back to that place
lv0J3yq Fake Pos Overall, the hotel is beautiful. The service was great. All the employees were friendly and always willing to help. My room on the North end had a great view of the city and the Chicago River. The bed and big fluffy pillows were very comfortable and relaxing. The only downfalls were parking and the fitness room. Parking was a little on the pricey side and not exactly as close to the hotel as one would think it should be. The hotel itself is huge with over 1500 rooms, so you may feel like your getting your daily exercise in just walking from your room to the fitness center depending on where your room is located. 
lzO3grq Fake Pos I enjoyed my stay at the Talbott Hotel. It is on the more expensive side, but it is all worth it. I got the Talbott tradition package, which was $245 for two people and included a $30 breakfast credit on check out day. The rooms are huge! The beds are soft and comfortable. They include Aveda bath products, which is a plus in my book. They also have a nice fitness area & pool you can use while you stay there. One thing I thought was really cool is that you can forward your messages from your hotel room phone to your cell phone. My boyfriend also liked the Ihome audio system. The location of this hotel is very convenient as well, its close to several great restaurants and blocks from the coast. But, what I like best about this hotel is that they make an honest effort to not negatively impact the environment more than they need to. They were one of the first hotels to be Green Sealed. Overall I had a great stay at Talbott Hotel!
m2rZd1Q True Pos My husband and I stayed here for New Years eve weekend. This is an excellent hotel in an excellent location. Hotel is very tastefully decorated and warmly welcoming. The rooms had the best electronics I've ever seen. Loved that they had a soaking tub and a spacious shower stall. The hotel restaurant seemed to be empty everytime we walked by, so we avoided it too. Ate at Joe's across the street - excellent seafood. And you can shop til you drop without going outside! Nordstroms and four story mall is attached. Lots of good "food on the run" places in there. Loved Chicago - loved the Conrad. I will go back! 
m3GwFF3 True Pos We usually stay at the Sofitel but thought we would try the Conrad for a change. I don't think I would rate this hotel over the Sofitel but it was still 1st class. But I do think the service was better at the Conrad. We arrived at the hotel just before the restaurant closed and soon we were the only table left. Normally service goes down hill then but our waiter Eric was the best. Even when I kept ordering my after dinner ports. The meal may not have been The Chop House but it was still very good. The bar was ok, no Crown Reserve. They did have the Cask 16 at $24 a drink, ouch. The room service was very quick. Our room was very clean and the maids replace everything including the ashtrays during their visits. The only fault we could find was the temperature on the 14th floor. It was so hot that we had our window open the whole time with the heat turned completely off. Which wasn't so bad since my wife smokes. The temp on the 5th where the lobby, bar, and restaurant was fine. We enjoyed the hotel enough that we will be back in Sept. One last thing, if you like a cheap fantastic breakfast. Go to the West Egg, only a few blocks away. 
m3UN5oT Fake Neg Having made regular business trips to Chicago, I decided to stay at the Hotel Monaco Chicago, since it was fairly new and I had a friend that had stayed there. The Lobby was quite small, which surprised me with a name like Monaco. As a matter of fact I found the furnishings to be quite drab.A boy took my luggage and showed me to the suite. It was two rooms, not as spacious as I would have liked, an entertainment room, and a bedroom with a standard television. Can You imagine, I was expecting H.D., but it was just ordinary cable. For $600 a night you would expect a 42 inch set. The bath was ordinary, nothing special, but the bed was a very big King.The view did not take in the Lake, unfortunately, just the Magic Mile. Well, I am starving so time to eat. The restaurant was well appointed, I hope the food was as good. I ordered lamb chops, potatoes au gratin and mint sauce. It was fair. I hope the rest of my trip si better than my accomadations. I would give this hotel a two and a half, but I would not return.
m6RWjqf Fake Neg I truly am not the sort of person to write a negative review about an establishment, but my time spent at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago forced me to do so. It was to be our first trip to Chicago since I was a boy so my wife and I were very excited to arrive and begin our short weekend getaway as soon as we checked into the hotel. First I must say that the counter help was far less than helpful. The apparently confused person who was to sign us in was extremely out matched when it came to the workings of the hotel computer and was total inept at customer service. He said we had not reserved a room, which I had weeks earlier, and proceed to explain to us that his hotel does not make mistakes of this kind and that WE must be mistaken as to the reservation or the hotel or both. Finally the manager arrived after I insisted on his presents. He did straiten out the confusion, but the room we were lead to was much smaller than we were lead to believe and had not even been cleaned from the last occupants. I called down to the front and demanded that the manager walk himself to our room and see the condition of the place. We were shown to another room, this time to our liking. From that point on nothing and no one that we saw or had contact with worked or acted as one would expect from a hotel with the reputation that the Affinia had. To list just a few; the television was a 13 inch black and white which could get only 4 channels, the food that room service brought up was cold, lifeless and bland, the cleaning person knocked at our door at 5 in the morning every morning even with the 'Do Not Disturb' sign on the door, and there was this ever so slight smell of mold and vomit which passed through the hallway every time my wife and I lift the room. To be blunt, I truly hope that the CEO of the company reads this note and fires the entire staff, guts the building thoroughly, and is publicly flogged in a downtown park. WE WILL NEVER STEP THROUGH THE DOORS OF THE AFFINIA AGAIN.
m9ErLWb Fake Pos My stay at the Hotel Monaco Chicago was amazing. The staff are polite and well poised, eager to give a helping hand in a short notice. To someone like me, who had never even been in the city of Chicago, it really gave me a good feeling throughout my whole trip. The rooms, hallways and facilities were exceptionally clean and tidy, and whenver I went out, I would always find my room perfect ; be it for a night of undwinding after one of my conferences, or just to hit the mattress and sleep. During my stay, I stopped at their restuarant where I had one of the best American style meal in a while. Overall, the Hotel Monaco is a place I would surely stay at again if given the chance to visit Chicago for a second time. It is truely exceptional.
mLEhcqU Fake Neg After a recent stay at the Talbott Hotel in Chicago, I left the city with an empty pocket book. I had booked a package deal online and although the service was absolutely terrific, i didn't realize some of the amenities i was paying for included personalized key cards and room service menus. I could have done with out my room key having my name printed across it as well as the menu. When did my name printed on things become an extra amenity that cost so much money? I basically felt overcharged for the so called 'extras' included in the package i purchased. One other thing, the traffic was pretty horrible and checking in seems like it could have somehow been made simpler.
mLQxMMT True Neg Fairmont Hotels are generally my preferred choice, but this was a true disappointment. Check-in was quite slow and problematic (glitches with their reservation system locally). Room was very small and oddly arranged. Felt quite cramped in room and was hard to work at very small desk. Hotel overall felt quite cold and isolating...lobby is not at all inviting, and it didn't feel terribly safe walking around outside. Gift shop was overpriced, even for a downtown hotel. Food was disappointing. Overall this seems greatly overpriced and does not meet usual standards of A Fairmont i've come to count on. Bill was completely messed up and required 3 separate calls after i left to straighten out.
mQXAwGX Fake Pos My stay at the Affinia last weekend was ideal and I can't wait to return. I was in town for a brief personal trip and wanted to have a clean, lovely room near the shopping downtown. Affinia fit the bill. The location was perfect, just one block from the magnificent mile. The decor was modern and sleek, and my room was impeccably clean. They even have a pillow menu! The price was pretty reasonable, too. I'll definitely be back.
mQoj4LN Fake Pos O.M.G best hotel ever ! i've stayed at various hotels in the area and the service has been really suckish. evan at one hotel i stayed at they had a molded sandwhich under the bed , how gross and i could of really got sick ! but this hotel was the perfect location right by the beach and by all the clubs . ohh . and the pump room , the best food i've evr had at a hotel . i evan got to take a picture with Queen Anne ! i will never regret coming to this hotel! i loved this hotel so much me and my bridemaid's stayed here . and it's just walking distance from all the popular food places and clubs . ( all the places to be at least )
mX48IiQ True Neg I would not recommend this hotel. Although it is in a good area, the room was very small and is getting rather dated. The room had extensive damage. The paint on the bathroom ceiling was peeling. The wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling. The wood work in the bathroom looked like it had been chewed on. There was mold and stains on the bathroom tile. The room was very small. There was not room for a sofa. Just a small faded chair and ottoman. The carpet had stains on it. Also, the bed was comfortable, but there was not a top sheet, just the bottom sheet and a comforter. Overall I was not satisfied with the hotel for the price that was charged. I have stayed in other hotels in the area that provided much more space, cleanliness, and value for the money paid.
mYwZu7U Fake Neg There is a great difference between a Hyatt Regency Hotel, and a normal hotel. The thing that I did not like about this hotel was the smoke section of the non smoking section was really close to each other. I get really uncomfortable when I am in a crowded area, and people are smoking their lungs out. Even though this hotel is really glamourous, has a nice bar, a nice restaurant, great music, it is still not a good stay if you don't like people smoking beside you.
malh8ef Fake Neg When most people think Hilton, they think luxury. I know I did. I only wish I'd been half right. Upon arriving, I was informed that the incompetent staff had lost my reservation entirely. Not a very auspicious start, but they did find me another room. Granted, the new room had an oh-so-scenic view of the broadside of an adjacent building. But, fine. I was willing to let this slide. I didn't want to be difficult. In the following days of my stay, it got a little harder to ignore all the minor problems that were making the Hilton very undeserving of the term, luxury hotel. Noisy neighbors. Rude staff. If the state of my bathroom towels was anything to go by upon checkout, I doubt my sheets were changed even once. Next time I'll ignore the hype and stay somewhere cheaper. The service couldn't possibly be worse.
meMpAbK True Pos This is a great hotel, in a great location, in a great city !!! There's a cool bar area to the left of the main door when you can hang out and all of the staff are quite funky and look the part. The rooms are spacious and well thought out with a picture of some old rocker(s) in the bathroom ... I had the Beatles and although they're not my cup of tea, I was happy enough with George staring back @ me! The hotel itself is on the corner of Michigan Ave and a short walk will take you to the fabulous shops and restaurants ... try the "Cheesecake Factory" or have a meal / cocktail on the top floor of the "John Hancock Centre". A slighty longer walk (or a short cab ride) and you're at the "Navy Pier" - take a ride on the "Seadog" then enjoy all the fun of the fair ... or maybe a drink or two whilst listening to some great live music. This hotel (& city) is WELL worth checking out. 
mkRFerw Fake Pos The Omni Chicago Hotel was a delight to stay in. The second you step into the place, it takes your breath away. It's very modern with an antique twist. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. They are clean. Every member of the staff was courteous and polite. Proud of their place of work. Happy to be there. You don't often see that. The room service was phenomenal. Visiting Chicago was amazing, and staying at the Omni Hotel made my visit that much better. The luxurious pools were an added plus as well. I also enjoyed the gym facilities. I will definitely be staying at the Omni Hotel on my next visit. 
mkX9bzq True Pos My husband and I were in the Fairmont Chicago recently for a conference. We stayed in a spacious suite. All amenities appeared recently updated and in excellent shape. The bed was very comfortable. Views were great. I love their products in the bathroom and used them in the pristine tub two out of three nights. The room was so quiet, it was very relaxing. We ate in the restaurant downstairs (Aria) and although pricey, it was excellent. The staff were consistently attentive and responsive. It is evident that everyone is very well-trained. I would love to stay here again. 
mnRA3o8 Fake Pos My wife and I checked in to this hotel after a rough flight from Los Angeles. We decided to treat ourselves to a nice hotel while visiting our recently graduated son, and we were not disappointed. The location could not have been better, as we were afforded easy access to Chicago's culture and shopping by being just off Michigan Avenue. After a long day of exploring the city, we enjoyed a fantastic dinner on the terrace overlooking the city. The halibut was cooked just right, and our waiter made us feel very welcome with some friendly conversation. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling in Chicago! 
mv1LBkK True Pos We went to Chicago to see an exhibit at the Art Institute and selected the Fairmont because it was so close. Although the lobby is still being renovated, our experience at the hotel was uniformly positive. The room was nicely sized and newly remodeled and immaculate. The only glitch involved getting the room coffee replenished. The maid does not do that, and by bedtime on the first night, we still didn't have coffee. We called the front desk and they immediately delivered a fresh supply. The restaurant is a little underwhelming, but with so many other places to go within a very few blocks, we probably wouldn't have eaten there any more than we did. After having stayed in close to a dozen different Chicago hotels, this may be the hotel we return to whenever we return. 
n9DLHgq True Pos My husband attended a conference in Chicago for the weekend of June 22nd and I decided to tag along for the shopping! We flew into O'Hare and took a cab to the hotel, cost about $30. Everybody from the doorman to reception desk to concierge were extremely friendly and helpful. We had a room on the 9th floor which overlooked the construction, but we were hardly in the room so it didn't bother us. We were also never awakened due to construction noise and my husband is a very light sleeper. The room was clean and spacious enough for us. The bed is very comfy. We ate in the restaurant downstairs several times for breakfast and lunch and all meals were great. The location of this hotel is perfect. You are about 1&1/2 blocks from Michigan Ave and the Hancock tower. Can't beat that! There is also an adorable pet store called Tails In The City across from the hotel! I brought our dog back a couple of toys! They are very nice as well. All in all, no complaints. The hotel is clean and beyond what we were expecting. The staff is always friendly and the location is superb. It's a safe neighborhood-I walked around by myself and felt fine. We would definitely return. 
nCBHVNs True Neg This hotel is a shambles-furniture literally falling apart and a staff that is both rude and uninformed, nevermind the lack of security and the absence of the so-called amenities. The "fitness center" is an oversized closet! We were appalled during our stay! Truly anticipated "warm, Irish hospitality" and short of a barman, no one was Irish, warm or hospitable! Manager was unresponsive to our needs and front desk attendent was incredibly rude when we made a simple request. Her manager (?) refused to come out of the office when she called to ask them to speak with us. Room was pretty at first glance but when dresser drawers fell out and the major construction of the hospital next door began at 7:30am it is not the kind of experience anyone could tolerate. To call this a Red Roof Inn would be an insult to RRI! The manager that finally called us back was soooo fake and insincere that we would have prefered no call at all. The only thing they have going for them is the location but its not worth the trade-off.
nDxmPmb True Neg Very disapointed in the service and quality of this hotel. I travel quite frequently to chicago and have never had this happen at any other 4 star hotel. I reserved a king bed. At checkin I was informed they were out of kings and basically offered no type of compensation or upgrade. When i arrived at the room the air conditioner door was open and rattled all night. The TV did not work. Had to call for service. The following day returned from work at 6pm and found the room had not even been serviced. Stay somewhere else.
nQtQMjz Fake Pos I have to thank the Ambassador East Hotel for providing a really great experience for my family. We never leave our dog at home when we travel, and it's been a long time since we've been able to find a place of this caliber that allows pets. The staff even spent time cooing over how cute our dog is when we asked about local clothing boutiques. My husband liked the fitness room. It was nice and clean, with plenty of extra towels available. It was colder than we expected with the wind blowing in off the water, but the concierge knew exactly where we should go for jackets and scarves. We will definitely be staying here next time we visit Chicago. We would make the trip just to stay here. That's how welcome we felt when we stayed at this hotel.
nXLVx5s True Neg Me, My sister and my best friend all went to stay here in the summer of 2004...they said there all spacious suites...yeah right...our room you could barely walk in...and they said theres 2 double beds...yeah well one was a pull out couch...and the bathroom...tiny tiny tiny...and it took forever and a day to check in and the people blamed us for throwing a book out the window and somehow someone knew exactly where it fell from and which room...yeah...i wouldnt stay here again
ndYQvSA True Pos For the price of the Marriott we spent a night here ($122 + tax) and had an enjoyable if brief stay. As others have noted the hotel has been recently renovated, and the rooms are furnished with attractive and sleek scandanavian-type design. The staff was polite and attentive, and seemed to match the redesign with a hip kind of feel. The parking is pricey at $49, so I used an adjacent lot and self-parked, and as others have noted, the lack of water-pressue in the shower was disappointing. Good location. Would return, esp as this pricepoint. 
nhyvwAI Fake Neg The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was supposed to be our romantic get away and it turned into a nightmare! When we got there our room wasn't done! We were not offered anything to do, drink or eat in the meantime and we had to wait well over the 20 minutes that they said it would be finished. The clerk at the front desk twas texting on her cell phone! How rude! We were totally on time and the manager said that they would take care of the issue and upgrade our room but it was not done. And after waiting that long for the room, can you believe it? There was a dirty towel in the bathroom. The television didn't work, we had to wait on a repair guy to fix it. Plus, the hotel failed to mention there was a convention that was going on and the spa was under repair. I'm so mad I'm writing the owners and letting them know! This really made me mad. We haven't taken a vacation in years and I was expecting the Fairmont to be luxurious and cater to our needs. Even the concierge snickered at my boots, so what, I like to wear Doc Martens! It makes me mad even thinking about the Fairmont. At least my time in Chicago was enjoyable even though our hotel was more than lame.
niZxN2G Fake Neg I recently stayed at The Talbott Hotel for 3 nights and I could not have been more disappointed. It was a terrible experience. Long wait to check into room since room wasn't ready even though I arrived way after the check in time. Front desk was very rude. Was given a smoking room when I had requested non-smoking. Room service left a lot to be desired. The food took forever to arrive and when it did it was cold and unappetizing. The staff at the hotel was not very helpful and was very unfriendly. Had no toilet paper in room. Room was very noisy. Could hear people next door opening doors, watching tv, talking. The room was very dingy, small and had a musty odor. Needless to say I will not be staying here again nor will I be recommending this hotel to anyone else. Stay away from this hotel. Not worth the money.
nm39GA7 Fake Neg My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago a couple of weeks ago and will most defiantly not go back. The customer service is horrible and it is well apparent that most of the workers did not want to be there either. When we arrived at the hotel we were told us that the room was still being cleaned and had to wait almost a hour before they gave us the key. When we got into the room the bed was not even properly made. The cafe is always crowded with people and it take two hours to get food. We ended up going home two days before we planned.
nmFFRXZ Fake Neg I have visited Chicago with my family several times and have never had such a HORRIBLE hotel experience! The staff was rude and unhelpful, and they overcharged my card by more than $300! I had to spend the whole morning on the phone trying to get them to finally fix their mistake. The hotel itself didn't live up to our expectations either...the inside was dingy and needed cleaning, and our room looked like a bunch of chain smokers had just thrown a crazy party in the room. There were cigarette burns on the sheets, stains on the floor, and there was a hole in the wall where it looked like someone had punched it! We requested another room, which was only marginally better in terms of cleanliness, only to be kept up all night from the noise of our neighbors yelling and hanging out in the hallway. There are plenty of other places to stay in Chicago. AVOID Hard Rock at all costs!
ntZSfIc True Neg My daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool, one white phone and one emergency red phone, to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back.
nxXK9bc Fake Pos I stayed here for a weekend while visiting some friends in town. It was a little pricey, but definitely worth it! The staff was super friendly, the pool was clean and well-maintained, and they even had a really good veggie burger in the restaurant downstairs (I'm a vegetarian). Plus, I paid for a room with a lake view and it was gorgeous. I would definitely recommend. 
o2HT3ku True Pos In a very nice location close to shopping and places to eat and also in a beautiful neighborhood. A small hotel with a pleasant place to sit in the lobby, the Pump Room is a classic place to have a drink. We did not have dinner there so I can not comment but we enjoyed people watching while we had an afternoon drink looking out the window at the people in the neighborhood. It is a short walk to very good shopping and eating. 
o2lDa0p True Pos The staff recognizes you by name with excellent eye contact. The "welcome back" sets the tone for your stay. Flowers in the lobby and reception area beautiful. The house-keeping staff is terrific, helpful and prompt. Room service food was served hot and that makes a big difference too. Pump Room food was surprising tasty and impressed my clients. Well done! 
o7gNqEk Fake Pos I traveled to Chicago recently with my giant German Shepard dog Rex and picked the Hard Rock Hotel for the perfect location and because a close friend had warmly recommended their pet friendliness. The service truly is incredible. They even had a web-cam so I could check in on Rex while I was out for dinner in the evening and a friendly staff member took him for a walk when I could not make it home from a meeting the day after. The rooms really rock (pardon the pun). Nothing like the cheap plastic laminated stained carpet decor so common in other places that allow pets. The easy chair looked so good that I was almost afraid Rex would snack on it while I was out, but he seemed to like the guitar chew-toy that came with the pet package better. I would definitely recommend the Hard Rock Hotel to my friends - whether they travel with or without pets. 
oH0ZmFW Fake Neg The Sofitel Chicago Water Tower in the downtown area is advertised as a four-star luxury hotel. However, modern architecture and a convenient location seem to be its only reliable perks. Room service is available 24 hours a day, but offers a limited variety of items and often lethargic service. Two bars are located on the premises, which is appealing at first. Once inside, patrons do not receive the quality of service that is to be expected and there is a complete absence of privacy, of any kind. The guest rooms are relatively spacious and clean, but a lack of adequate toiletries and personal items can interfere with a guests routine. Obtaining additional towels and grooming products is much too difficult. If you are a traveler who is in search of a relaxing and hassle-free experience, with reliable customer service, booking a room here is probably not a viable option.
oP1o2TZ True Pos As we pulled away in a taxi heading to the airport for our trip home my wife turned to me and said "We picked the right place." Having chosen the Talbott from other Trip Advisor reviews I found myself thinking in terms of a Trip Advisor review when we arrived. Nice entrance, friendly reception, I noticed everything and immediately knew the Talbott was a non-corporate warm hotel with touches not typically seen in big name hotel chains. The smell of the elevator and attention to decorative details strongly reminded me of Europe, simple, not overstated but elegant. The location is great, there was light snow but we walked to the Art Institute, Rush Street, the Theater District, and we're from California where anything below 50 degrees keeps us inside! All I can say is if you are the kind of traveler that wants comfort, class and somewhere unique, stay at the Talbott. Oh yeah, we were in a room that looked down at the construction, we were on the 15th floor and could not hear a sound, it was very quiet. 
oZplNcC Fake Pos My husband and I stayed here for a short get-away weekend and loved it. It is so conveniently located close to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The staff was very helpful and the room was great. It was definitely worth every penny! I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago.
ocgby9S Fake Pos The Talbott Hotel was very classy, professional, and luxurious. I loved how the staff was nice and respectful. I was treated like i was royalty when i was there, when in checked i was greeted by all of the people working behind the front desk and was offered a tour of the hotel. They took my bags and put them in my room while i was taking the tour and they even escorted me to my room right after we were done. This is a very nice and modern looking and their rooms are spacious and clean unlike other hotels in their area. I have recommended this hotel to all of my family and friends and would recommend it to anyone who is going to stay in that area. 
oeznrT4 True Pos I checked in at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago shortly after dinner on Tuesday, I was greeted by very frendly staff from the valet service to front desk. You can tell people were happy at the hotel. I was pleasantly surprised when I got to my room. The room was very well decorated and well thought out. The furniture was in the right location and there was lots of space. Plus it was convenient with lots of power outlets The bedroom and washroom was very clean and I had a great sleep in their very comfortable bed. I was told by front desk i could choose from 6 different pillows, although i did not take advantage of this offer i thought what a great idea. Once in a while you come across hotels with great service, well thought out rooms in a perfect location (right off Magnificent Mile). When visiting Chicago again I will definitely try and stay at Affinia again 
olbD6sE Fake Neg I selected The Talbott for my recent family vacation to Chicago. We chose the hotel for it's close proximity to Navy Pier and otherwise central location. In retrospect, the phrase "location, location, location" apparently does not apply to hotels. It's a good thing the location was so great, because just about everything that happened inside the hotel was bad. Upon our arrival, our room was not ready. The clerk could have been nicer about the whole situation, and told us simply that "we would have to wait" without offering any sort of help with our luggage or a timetable for when our room would be ready. When we finally arrived in the room, the sheets were not clean. A call to housekeeping proved difficult, as I do not speak Spanish. The second day of our trip, housekeeping never showed to clean the room despite the presence of our "please service" sign hung on the door. We stayed in for some room service after a long afternoon on Michigan Ave. When the food finally arrived a full hour after placing our order, it was cold and not very good. Despite these poor impressions, the management was unwilling to compromise on price at checkout. My call to corporate headquarters was answered by a call center in Mumbai. They will not receive my business again.
onnktgQ Fake Neg Stayed at this hotel for labor day weekend and it was pretty awful. The staff were relatively friendly, but that's where the positive aspects stop. Bed was rock hard and VERY uncomfortable. Thermostat didn't work properly and the air conditioner was always 5 degrees warmer or colder than what you wanted. Even though I think $10 for 1 day of internet is RIDICULOUS, I bought it because I needed to download a powerpoint for work and send off a few emails. It was UNGODLY slow and barely better than dialup. I ended up finding a starbucks to use their wifi so I could actually get something done. Minibar was overpriced, as expected. Awful experience, definitely wouldn't stay here again.
otCKL0x Fake Neg My stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Hotel was a short one; although, it was intended to be for five days, it only last two. When me and my husband arrived we were met by a valet who knicked our Mercedez. The clerk/concierge was on his phone for nearly 5 FULL minutes before he noticed that we were standing in front of him. When we checked in, we lugged all of our luggage upstairs to our room to find that someone was already in it. We then returned to Lobby, and to our dismay, the hotel had Double Booked the room! After another 30 minutes of haggling and whatnot we were able to be moved to a "better" room. The bed was unbearable, the shower looked like it hadnt been cleaned properly and the room smelled of cigarrettes (although it was supposedly a non-smoking room). Too tired and jet lagged to complain we went to sleep. However, it was hard for us to do so because voices could be heard all thoughout the night due to the paper thin walls of the room. I needed an Ambien to go to sleep. I woke up with backaches, the continental breakfast had me in the bathroom most of the day, and the maids conveniently forgot to clean our room. Me and my husband had had enough and decided to go to the Hyatt.
ovWgOoD True Pos My husband and I had a wonderful stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. I had contacted the customer service representative prior to our stay to request a quiet suite. When we arrived, she greeted us and confirmed that we were getting exactly what I had requested--and more. Our suite had a partial view of the lake!!! And, we were able to check in early. The service at this hotel is incredible. Everyone made us feel welcome and took care to respond to any question or request that we had. The suite was very quiet even though we were on the east side of the hotel, very near to Michigan Avenue. Housekeeping was prompt and thorough. We really couldn't have asked for a better hotel. We will definitely stay there on future trips to Chicago and will recommend this hotel to anyone who travels there. 
ovtpGiC True Neg I was scheduled to stay at the Hard Rock in June, but had to cancel. I had booked the hotel back in January. When I called six days before my arrival date to cancel, I was told that I would be charged for my stay because I did not cancel seven days in advance. I told the customer service rep that I had never heard of such a practice, but she said, in a very smug manner, that I was told back in January. I honestly don't remember being told of the cancellation policy, but think it is a unprofessional practice to capture some additional dollars since it is not an industry standard to require a seven day cancellation policy when you book directly with the hotel. I, for one, will never stay at a Hard Rock hotel and will make sure that my friends and business associaties know of this unfair practice.
oxECyXd Fake Neg This hotel seems to take everything about luxury and force it down your throat. The first place it attacks you is directly inside of your pocket. This place looks alright in the lobby, but when needing a place to stay during the midweek for a convention or to just sightseer in Chicago, this is far too much to spend on a place to sleep for a night. Clearly the Ambassador East Hotel has not taken into account that we are in a recession. Not to mention that it is at least 30-40 minutes from the airport in traffic. Chicago traffic is stressful enough without having to worry about how quickly the airport can be reached, particularly if the front desk forgets to give you a wakeup call.
p4HLJQE True Neg My expectations were not high because I booked this hotel through priceline for $58 / night. An amazing deal if not for the fact that you had to wait 15 - 20 minutes for hot water. I called the front desk to tell them that there was no hot water - to which they nonchalantly replied: "try running it for 15 to 20 minutes." They forgot to tell me to keep the water running after my shower, if anyone else expected to use the shower. My boyfriend, who showered after me, had to wait another 10 minutes to get the shower warm again. To make matters worse, after room service was delivered, we called and said we needed another fork. They told us it would cost $3 ($1 for the fork, $2 for delivey charge). Absolutely ridiculous!! At least with a 1 star hotel, you get hot water. This is supposed to be a 4 star hotel. I guess you do get what you paid for - I just feel bad for the people who actually paid full price.
p56jcb9 True Pos This was a great hotel right in the heart of the Chicago Loop. Within walking distance to the downtown attractions. Parking is expensive ($50 p/nt) so we parked at a free remote location (recreation drive) since we weren't planning on driving once we checked in. The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms are large and clean. 
p5Chrxt Fake Neg After reading good reviews about the Affinia Hotel in Chicago, my husband and I decided to spend two nights there to celebrate our 30th anniversary. Unfortunately, the hotel missed the mark for us. I did not expect to find bedbugs underneath the mattress in a 4-star hotel. Because my husband and I have had a bad experience with bedbugs, as a rule, we always check underneath the mattress before settling down for the night in any hotel. When I brought this to the attention of the front desk staff, they practically accused us of planting the bugs there. I was very humiliated and disappointed in the way the situation was handled. Needless to say, we made the decision to pack our bags and went elsewhere to celebrate our anniversary. I have written a letter to the hotel chain and hope that they will be more responsive to the situation. I have also reported the incident to my credit card company to alert them that I will be refuting the charge for the one night the Affinia charged to my account because we missed the cancellation deadline.
pDN1hZ7 Fake Pos This hotel was gorgeous! I really enjoyed my stay here and will definitely be returning in the future. The staff was friendly, the room was clean, comfortable and very well decorated. The restaurant/ room service was also exceptional. The food was delicious and the room service was prompt. This hotel is also in a great location. It is close to everything anyone may need, such as shopping, food and attractions.
pGLZExZ True Pos We stayed in the Conrad for 4 nights just before Thanksgiving. We had a corner room overlooking N Michigan Av and the Tribune Building. To say this is a 5 star hotel is to damn this place with faint praise - it is wonderful. The staff were unbelievably helpful. The standard of the room was superb - HD plasma screens, luxury bedlinens, iPod radio, huge bathroom. Location is unbeatable - right in the heart of everything - watched the whole Light Festival parade from the window. Breakfasts were excellent - no help yourself buffet here - with full and attentive table service. Would have no hesitation recommending or staying again in this hotel - 5 out of 5. 
pLbIHkn Fake Neg The Conrad Chicago hotel had some of the worst service I have ever dealt with. I got the Executive Room with a king size bed. When I got in, the sheets were stained with some type of chocolate or mud. I called down to front desk and it took them an hour to come up and change them for me. They have a pillow menu which I tried to select from but they were out of over half of them. The Ipod dock was not working either. Also, the room service servers were very short with me and delivered my food luke warm. This hotel is the worst in Chicago and I would never recommend going there!
pSBUVoV True Neg My first stay at this hotel and was expecting good things based on reviews. For some reason, I kept being disappointed at every turn. Noisy room on the 4th floor. Could not get the room to cool down - it was stifling. BE WARNED - No water, no mini-bar no vending machine, no nothing once you get in your room. You might as well be in prison. They have coffee in the morning, but it starts at 6 so I had to wait both days. I guess that is convenient for them, but what about me? Workout facility - pretty small but not the smallest. The only treadmill I could get on was broken. Guess what a cooler with water in it! Oh no - it was only stocked for one day. After that nothing. Way to set expectations and then fail to deliver. Same with towels - one day they have them - next day they don't. They essentially forced me to sign up for their loyalty program to avoid a riduculous $10 charge for wireless (go a few doors down to Starbucks where it is free). They should fire the marketing moron who came up with that approach. I have stayed at much better for less. Won't be coming back.
pVXBr5J Fake Pos I had a wonderful time at the James Hotel while on business in Chicago. The rooms are modern, tasteful and well-kept, while the staff was responsive and efficient. This was the perfect place to unwind after working all day, but also provided an ideal atmosphere to do some more work. 
pbFjzoB True Pos Excellent service! Clean and spacious rooms with a great view of downtown Chicago. Location is excellent for exploring the main sights and the Golden Mile. Great concierge service. Pricey though... Don't valet if you don't need to. 
pe4Zlpt Fake Neg My husband and me reserved a room online for the Chicago Hilton. We were looking for a quit few days away from home and work. Unfortunately what we found was not what we were looking for. First of all the room was smaller than what it appears to be online in the photos. The floors looked like they haven't been cleaned in a while in the check in area. The room we stayed in had very thin walls and we could hear the conversation of the other guest on each side. The staff was horrible. We had asked for a turn down service it was never received. I would not at all recommend this hotel to anyone. Chicago is a great place to visit as long as you do not stay at the Hilton.
pefI8lt Fake Neg There are many high-quality hotels in Chicago. There are many high-quality hotels on the magnificent mile and then there is the Affinia Chicago. With its neo-classical stylings and its non-classical service, it is just a combination for trouble, We had established our reservations for Friday the 15th amd arrived at 4pm to check-in. No Room. One hour after their posted check in time and nothing. No apology, no offer for upgrade, no discount. Nothing. As a seasoned traveler I have had my share of disappointments but this tops the list.
pfqGPUJ True Neg If you love Brick Walls and Alleyways, then this view is for you. I asked for a room facing the river, I get a room facing a Brick Wall. That really pissed me off. From all the great reviews, I was expecting better. Before I came here, I stayed in a Hyatt in NYC, and that was awesome. There was nothing about the hotel that blew me away. The wine hour was ok. I was hoping there would be something better food, but I guess that's why it's a wine hour. I ordered room service one night. There wasn't really anywhere to eat it, so I had to eat it on my bed to watch tv. This was my first time coming to Chicago, and I think it will be my last. Just thoroughly disappointed.
prPbyu5 True Neg Apart from the location, great, but it stops there. Upon check-in, I was informed I would have a queen bed. I asked for a king size bed, and I was told there would be a charge for going up to a king. GIVE ME A BREAK, a surcharge for going from a queen to a king. When I got up to the room, it was like a oven. I could not get the air to work and needed to call twice before getting service. Everything in the room had a charge associated to it, even down to the coffee, $1.00. Now what's up with that? I was very disappointed in the size of the bathroom. Very small. I have stayed there twice and with so many other options, I feel this will be my last.
pvRyRtB Fake Pos My girlfriends and I stayed at the Hyatt in Chicago during a shopping trip to the city in June 2010. We found a great deal on Orbitz.com and decided to give it a try. The location was perfect, just off Michigan Avenue,on the Chicago River, so it was easy to walk down the Mag Mile and get to all of the shops without having to pay for cabs or rent a car. The hotel is right next the The Palm restaurant, and within walking distance of several places to eat, both fancy (China Grill, yum!)and affordable (Corner Bakery). The rooms have been recently remodeled and were clean and spacious. We were lucky to get a room with a good view...be sure to ask that you do not have a view of the office building next door! The lobby is typical Hyatt, big and spacious with lots of plants. Service was good. All around an excellent experience and a great deal.
pwC6U3w True Pos Booked a room online and got a great rate under $200 which is very cheap for a summer hotel room in Chicago in this nice location, 3 blocks I think from the water. Even though our rate was so cheap, the service was wonderful, the front desk were polite& cheerful, the doormen and valet were great and helpful, and they even put a fridge in our room when we requested on, free of charge! The fitness room was clean, large and provided fruit and clean towels, and it had the greatest view of the city as it was on the top floor of the hotel. Location of hotel is safe, and such a beautiful area. Check the rates directly online of the hotel's website, as it was the least expensive. We will stay here again for sure. 
pwMsnb9 True Neg Rooms are so dark we had to insist they bring lamps so we could see. The room we had at almost $400 a night was dingy and small. Don't mistakingly think the Hard Rock Cafe is there, it isn't. They have a Chinese restaurant that is overpriced and limited on items. The room service menu is broken down in terms of times you can order certain foods. When my wife wanted a milk shake we had to call the Manager to have it made since the kitchen staff said it wasn't a choice. The Rolled Roast beef sandwich was listed under the 2 am choice and they refused to make it untill again, we called the Manager who did get it to us. The staff did appear friendly, although housekeeping totally disregarded our 'do not disturb' sign and would call us on the phone. Don't make the mistake of staying here but if you do, walk across the street and buy snacks you want because even a soda is $3 plus 19% gratuity. We ended up having to order delivery food brought to us. This is the most overpriced, over rated and dingy hotel we've ever stayed in. Taxi to airport is $40.
pwrw4Yb Fake Pos The Omni Chicago Hotel is amazing little get away right on the Magnificent Mile in Chicago. This hotel is warm and homey as well as modern and filled with amenities! The beds are very comfortable and there are flat screen televisions in the rooms (at least both times I have stayed). The Windy City Spa provides a relaxing getaway as well.The indoor pool provides something fun for all ages and the customer service was excellent. The garage was very secure and has unlimited in/out priviledges which made it nice to be able to access the car as much as you wanted without any penalty. All in all, well worth it and will plan to stay again!
pymRzew True Neg has gone downhill so much we almost checked out. We stayed in the Dean Martin Celebrity Suite for 3 nights while entertaining customers in Chicago. We've stayed there for many years and while not up to date like the Four Seasons or the Peninsula, it has always been a comfortable and clean, service oriented hotel. Not only has room service been eliminated (if you want room service it comes from Marios Italian restaurant down the street, so is ONLY Italian), complimentary morning coffee is no longer available, mini bars have been removed from the rooms, etc. etc. The only restaurant, the Pump Room was closed for a private function on Saturday night, the bar also, so we weren't even able to have an after dinner drink with our guests. Surely the function was planned before we made our reservations, but we weren't told of it. We also learned that the bell staff (who have been there for 13 and 8 years) is being eliminated. So, in other words, anyting to do with "service" is gone from this hotel. I hear they are going to begin renovations in December, but that is no excuse to let an old glory "go to pot" in the meantime. We won't be staying here when we go back in July or for Thanksgiving. We even had to pay for internet. Mind you, our bill for 3 nights was 900.00+, no room service, no restaurant/bar charges. Highway robbery for what you get ow at the Ambassador East. Sad.
qBVMboX True Neg Great front desk staff, the rest of the experience was dreadful. The room service staff have to be among the most poorly trained I have ever encountered. We had to ask FOUR times for the staff not to slam the supply closet, adjacent to our room (almost in the room itself). They do these random room checks for the minibar, as if the entire budget hinged on the sale of a can of $9 peanuts. The roomservice is also equipped with walkie-talkies as loud as megaphones. If you like sleeping in on your vacation, don't stay here. Also, the hotel was under massive construction, a detail that was conveniently excluded from the website. SO we had to take the elevator with construction workers just about every time we used it. No discount because of the work and noise. I'd rather sleep in a box in the alley.
qGMTa1r Fake Pos This hotel is beautiful, it is very modern and has a very luxuary feel to it. The location is wonderful,it is close to magnificent mile and the Navy pier, which was a great place to show the children on our vacation. We had the option of private parking which made a feel secure with our car,and the valet was very nice and helpful. I also take my work with me everywhere I go,So the wi-fi at the hotel was a-plus. They have a wide selection of packages that can include anything from the couple that wants to get away or a family outing. This place is great for the price, due to the looks of the hotel you will be surprised at how affordable it is. This is very nice place and it gives you a feeling of being the queen or king for the duration of your stay. 
qI1ea5F Fake Pos I first walk into the beautifully decorated lobby of the Affinia Chicago hotel where I'm greeted by name by the concierge. He tells me that they have taken the liberty of customizing the room to my profile from when I booked the stay. He shows me to my room (paying careful attention to my bags, and ensuring that I needn't lift a finger) sure enough, the down pillow I had selcted from the dream pillow menu sits proudly atop the queen of the domain, which by the way is covered with the softest of bedspreads making me wonder if they didn't literally drag a cloud in here and fit it on my bed. I notice that there's a display of champagne and cupcakes (!) atop the dresser and my "experience kit" which comes complete with an ipod shuffle downloaded with only my favorite workout tracks, and a yoga mat. namaste. Unable to resist the urge to inspect the bathroom, I find that not only is there a marble tiled invisible glass shower, but a jacuzzi, lined with candles of vanilla, deep enough to bathe a walrus. Feeling girlish, I run the water and test before going to dinner. The Hotel's restraunt C-house offers the most delicious seafood menu that makes you think you're dining with the kings of paradise. or at least eating in the Caribbean itself. hmm, I should have brought a date.
qKU9ABZ True Neg This hotel was not worth it. From the moment we walked into the hotel lobby through check out, the staff were rude and contemptuous. Rooms were only serviceable, and certainly did not live up to the pompous self-descriptions on the website. The bathroom porthole and sliding door were odd and inconvenient. The 'fitness centre' was tiny and poor. We would not come here again.
qKetgJi True Pos My husband and I wanted to spend the weekend in Chicago to celebrate our anniversary, and I had been looking at the James for awhile because it was attached to David Burke's Primehouse. From the moment I called to make my reservation, I knew this hotel understood what customer service means to a consumer and a picky one at that. From the pre-arrival dossier, to the special sweets from the staff to kick off our anniversary weekend and a hand written note thanking us for staying at the James, this staff is well versed in the long lost art of customer service. The rooms were well appointed and the beds comfy and warm on a cool weekend. The walking distance to Michigan Av is a huge plus. From the front desk to the cleaning staff, the staff here is top notch! And David Burke's Primehouse is not to be missed! 
qOrY1cT Fake Neg My wife and I went to Chicago to enjoy our weekend and stayed at Hyatt Regency. 'Hyatt Regency Chicago' has ruined our family holiday weekend. First of all, if you are not a diamond or platinum member, you need to reserve the room atleast 10-15 days in advance. You have to pay extra $20 for the welcome credit option. They will give you a credit of $75 for the 2 days. We only used $20 and the rest was forefeited. I talked to the manager and he said we can't use it on our next visit. The management of the hotel is full of cheap minded people. When you know most of the hotels let you use their wi-fi for free, Hyatt Regency management asked us to pay for using their wi-fi. Beware of this place, if you want to enjoy your weekend in Chicago, Hyatt Regency should be the last place you should consider staying. Thanks Sam.
qWBvibA True Pos On our visit to Chicago, we chose the Hyatt due to its location in downtown, within walking distance to most major attractions, such as Sears Tower, Magnificent Mile, Grant/Millenium Parks, etc. Subway & bus stops very close by to travel to other locations in the city . Overall the hotel was very nice, clean, and at a great location. Was in a safe area. Went to beautiful Wrigley Field and Soldier Field and saw both teams play. I love Chicago and would defenitely stay here again! 
qX99YI2 Fake Pos My stay at the Talbott was a wonderful experience. The service at this upscale hotel was beyond my expectations, the Gold Coast location is close to Michigan Ave, the museums, and many of the other sites Chicago has to offer.If you are visiting Chicago, I highly recommend the Talbott!
qYkvTX2 True Neg We ate at the Prime House restaurant last year, that is why we picked the hotel. Last year the food and service at the Prime House was outstanding. This year the service felt rushed. The waitress even asked why we were eating so early. It was 6:30pm. Our room in the hotel felt cramped. The beds were comfortable. The bathroom had maintenance problems. The maid service and turndown out night was good. All of the staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful. I just was not impressed by the quality of the hotel itself for what we were paying.
qaxRNoK True Neg I wrote an email to the sales & reservation team a week ago.........i'm still waiting for a response. All I wanted to do was book a suite for 2 nights but they failed to even reply with an offer. We have now booked another hotel who can be bothered to answer emails. Shame you missed out, coz we tip like rockerfellers!!
qeGwlrd True Pos This is a great hotel! From the doorman who greeted us as we arrived, to the young man at the reservation desk to the young woman serving complimentarily wine, everyone was very friendly and helpful. We were "strangers but for a minute!" The room was extremely clean, well appointed and we had a pretty view of the Chicago River, especially enjoyed from the large window seats. Loved the purple polka-dot paper on the toilet paper roll! Hallways were large and quiet. The restaurant next door, South Water Kitchen is very nice too. The location is in walking distance of the theatres, parks, the river (take a cruise), Michigan Ave. It's ideal. The only negative is that the concierges were not nearly as friendly or inviting as the rest of the staff nor were they very helpful. For a self-sufficient traveler, you wouldn't really need their services (although it is nice) but for someone coming to Chicago for the first time, a concierge can be very helpful. I would definately stay at this hotel again and would recommend it. 
qjhzEaG True Pos I stayed at the Hyatt for a two nights on a business trip. My room was oddly shaped to give a stunning view of the river and NBC Building. Both the room and the bathroom were spotless and the room had an air purifier which ran silently. The hotel was well staffed with individuals who were knowledgeable about both the hotel and the surrounding area. I would not hesitate to stay here again and plan to return with my wife for a weekend. 
qngQnPI True Pos Have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and have never failed to be anything but delighted. Great Bar (draught Stella and Guinness) which was being upgraded at the end of March when I was last there, good food, lovely staff, large clean rooms, comfortable beds, spot on location for the Golden Mile, Joey's Pizzas next door are fantastic. Ignore any bad reviews you read about this hotel as the authors must either have been very unlucky or impossible to please. Highly recommended 
qsKsOXq True Neg I checked into this hotel, Rm 1760 on 11/13/2010. Next day, I woke up with bed bug bites, numerous, on my arm and back. We reported this to the management who assiged us to rm 1901 and promised to get the room inspected and "taken care of". I insisted that they get all my clothes laundered, which they did. Interestingly, no one from the management, other than the security guy who came when we first complained, even offered any apology for the inconvience. I missed couple of meetings that day. The next day, I called as I forgot something in the previous room, only to discover that the room was already assigned to the next guest. So much for reporting!
qsgSApA True Pos Stayed 5 nights at this great hotel. Updated rooms. Clean. Used Tim to book theater and dinning reservations. Provided excellent service. Close to subway, shopping and dinning. Excellent value. Free wireless internet and access to nearby health club very nice perks. Highly recommend it. Future concern is adjacent construction of condos. Not a problem while we were there but something to ask front desk about in the future. 
qtUUCUS True Neg The room was dingy and run down - it felt like staying in a cheap motel. The carpet was exceptionally worn, wallpaper peeling, bathroom grout dingy. The place felt like it hadn't been redecorated in 30 years. On top of that, the windows would not open (not unusual for a hig-rise hotel), and there was no air fan for ac or heat - how the temp control was supposed to work, I have no idea (they said 'radient cooling' whatever that is), but we had to call down to the front desk and ask for a floor fan to cool the room and have some air circulation. We even went so far as to prop the door open and put the fan in the fan in the door while we were in the room to not feel suffocated. So much for privacy. I can't comment on the food, because we ate out at every chance. Chicago has some fantastic food! And much of it within easy distance to the hotel. The hotel is in a good location, near the waterfront and millenium park, shopping and dining. The conference facilities were average, but frustrating because they were in the basement and cell phone reception was non-existent. I will never stay in this hotel again, especially for the price, because of the poor room quality.
qv0XBi9 Fake Pos My visit to the Conrad Chicago in the heart of downtown was a luxurious experience bar none. The lobby is immaculate and is filled with reams of class and style. The rooms are beautifully adorned. I especially like the flat screen TV and wired internet. I'm never happy with wireless connections so it is nice to find a hotel that knows that its guests need fast, reliable internet connectivity, and it's included at no additional charge. The view from the room was magnificent...downtown Chicago at night! The Restaurant is spectacular but the Terrace is the place to be when weather permits. You cannot get a more breathtaking view and be able to relax in the gentle breeze of evening while dining on the finest gourmet foods. Don't forget to visit the Health and Fitness center with their selection of aerobic and anaerobic workout equipment. The staff is attentive to your every need and the concierges can get you whatever you need. Just ask! This is the place to stay in Chicago if you want to be pampered in luxury!
qxzldmb Fake Neg The hotel is located in an hard to fins location in Chicago, the dining room for dinner is uncomfortably crowded, the room service is hard to reach, overall it was not a pleasant hotel stay.
r0t7nGW Fake Neg After staying at the James Chicago last weekend I can honestly say I will be going for affordability on my next trip. The James Chicago is terribly overpriced and the staff was very cold and disconnected. The chairs in the room looked like something out of Ikea. I love Chicago but this hotel is definitely not one of its better places to stay. I believe I would have been better off and happier staying at the Holiday Inn. You don't always get what you pay for.
r6Ex8rh Fake Pos I think the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower is a upscale place.I had my wedding there and it was the best of the best.The staff was so helpful and made me feel confident that my wedding would be a success. The chef prepared a lavish sit down dinner with appetizers and desserts.They also had a wonderful pastry chef who baked my wedding cake.The tables were decorated in very good taste and could not be more perfect.The bar was also set up the way I wanted it and even had a champagne fountain. My guests had a wonderful experience with their stay at the hotel and felt pampered.The rooms were like suites with a mini bar.They had terry cloth bathrobes in each bathroom. If you are looking to have a wedding in the Chicago area look into having it here you will not be disappointed!
rGjIkBc Fake Neg The Ambassador East is a particularly crappy property, given the numerous quality hotels in and around the Gold Coast. Unfortunately, I saw an amazing rate and decided to book -- this experience will be a reminder that you get what you pay for. While the lobby was gorgeous (and appears to match the photos on the website) the room I was assigned was run down, and looked nothing like the photos posted on the website. It looked like someone had put a quick coat of paint on the walls, but the furniture was old and the fixtures in the bathroom were rusty. The room also smelled of must or mildew. While the room did have air-conditioning as advertised, it was an in-window unit that sounded like it was on its last leg. I was only here for a single night, but had I been here for anywhere longer I would have requested a refund. Please, if you're staying in this part of town, do yourself a favor and book at any one of the numerous other properties around here. The Hampton Inn and Hilton Garden Inn are both nearby, clean, and often have special-offers -- these aren't the only properties in the area, but both of these will save you a potentially unpleasant stay.
rPFxT07 Fake Neg Eww! What a sickening affair; the Hotel Monaco Chicago is a stuffy masterpiece of a hotel done wrong. I stayed there recently and the rooms reek of the pretended elite classes whom fill its rooms. I seriously was afraid to even lie between the sheets for fear of being charged a hefty linens fee... I stayed in Chicago for a week; I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for one night!
rSJtrVa Fake Pos I've stayed at several different hotels in Chicago but The James is the best. Everything I need is in walking distance and I find it very convenient to stay there. The staff at the concierge desk is so polite and offers assistance willingly. The room has always been very clean. The bed linens are better that the nice sheets I have on my own bed. Thankfully I don't have to search around for somewhere to stay when I travel there as I've found my favorite.
rbhrwo3 True Neg I booked this hotel with great expectations. I had family visiting from outside the country and wanted them to have a good experience in Chicago. Upon arriving to the hotel (at the exact time I indicated in my reservation) I was told I've been "downgraded" to a lesser quality room. I travel very often and never had this before. Moreover, I did not hear a single "I'm sorry", it was like usual business. What bothered me the most was that the receptionist kept telling me "I will decrease the rate for you" "what do you think, nice eh?" like he was doing me a favor!!!! They decreased the rate to that of the rooms they gave us of course (which is the legal thing to do, since I am sure is illegal to charge me for one room and give me a lesser value one for the same money). They did not care that I wanted higher level room independent of value. I did not know what to say, since this never happened to me before, also with family present did not want to start arguing. The rooms were nice (not as nice as I thought) and location is good, however be aware that they might not honor your reservation and not even apologize for this. That is enough for me not to go back again.
rey6Tdm True Pos I stayed here for business and loved it. Got it for $93 inc tax on Priceline, an incredible deal for this hotel. If I wasn't on priceline I would expect to pay $200 per night (maybe more) for this location/level of service. It's in the heart of downtown Chicago, walkable to many locations. The lobby is very impressive, the room was very nice. No complaints at all, from check-in to check-out. I was alone so didn't go to the bar but it looked like people were really enjoying themselves. It was full of people all the time. I want to stay here when I come back with my husband for a fun weekend in the city. 
rkJQTT0 True Pos The Hard Rock Hotel was a natural choice for me to book a block of rooms for several colleagues traveling into Chicago.. The location is fantastic - a short walk to top notch city points of interest such as Lake Michigan, Millennium Park, and Art Museum - and several fantastic restaurants nearby to choose from. My co-works LOVED the exterior of the building, views from the rooms, the art on the walls, and crisp, clean & hip feeling of the hotel, but not "too over the top" for "business". By far a better experience than your usual "chain" hotel where they shuffle you in and out and boring rooms. Here you feel special...for the same price. The lobby and bar have fun & cozy areas to just hang out and watch the people pass on Michigan Ave (or catch a real rock star in the lobby!) 
rmxHKQy True Neg I can see how this place must have been gorgeous at one time but they really need a makeover. 1. There was a huge gaping hole in the carpet on the bedroom floor. I kid you not. How can they have guests in a room where the carpet looks like it had been mauled by a giant earthworm? 2. The furniture was severely chipped. Ok. I dont mind chipped furniture if I am slumming it in my just-out-of-college-sister's apartment. But for 170+ a night, I want a room that does not look like it was furnished with stuff retrieved from a dumpster drive 3. The receptionist while I was checking in was super curt. I know it was late but isnt that sort of your job? Not everything was horribly bad though. The one star is for the bathroom that was super clean. I do not recommend this place at all.
rn4y81Z Fake Neg I was going on a 3 day personal trip to Chicago, and I decided to indulge myself a bit this time around. I chose to stay at the Talbot, an upscale hotel in the heart of downtown Chicago. To start off, I was NOT pleased. For the hundreds I pay a day, I expected an impeccable hotel. First, the check-in process was bad as somehow it took them nearly 15 minutes to find a reservation I had placed nearly A MONTH in advance. Some customer service they claim. Next, when I went to my room, I found that room service had not cleaned it at all. I was forced to wait as they called up a maid to entirely reclean the room as it was strewn with used towels and such. In summary: yes, it was a fancy hotel, yes it had nice accommodations, but the service I experienced there was simply not up to par with a hotel of that price.
rrso1yT Fake Neg Last week, I booked a 'Deluxe Suite' at the Omni Chicago Hotel for a weekend stay in Chicago. I took the 'Retreat and Relax' package deal. The wait to check in was intolerably long, because they were letting some people check in with a dog. I'm allergic to dogs, and I'm sure its fur and dander got spread all over the room they were in. They insisted on escorting me to to my room, every time I came in, like I was going to break into another guest's room or something. I swear, anytime I was out of my room they were watching me like hawks, asking me if I needed anything. You know that the only time anyone does that is when they think you're up to something. I went to the pool, but it was full of screaming children. When I went to bed, I could hear the television in the next room through my wall. And what's worse, they wouldn't even let me smoke in the privacy of my room to relieve the stress. They threatened to throw me out on the street, after I gave them hundreds of my hard earned dollars! I had to go outside-- probably where the dog went to piddle-- to do it. Also, their on-site restaurant is too expensive, given that you're already paying an arm and a leg for the room. The food should be free! I wouldn't stay here again, it was a waste of my money.
rsrGMno True Neg Had a week long stay at the Hilton on south Michigan while attending a meeting. The hotel has some elegance in the lobby, meeting rooms and lounges - the hotel rooms could definitely use updating. I would definitely say that for the price of a room here - the rooms should be top notch. My car was misplaced during valet parking, our reservations were messed up, hotel staff showed up repeatedly throughout the week at our door with items (room service, a new coffee pot, laundry) that wasn't ours. I would not stay at this property again. There are much better places for the money in close proximity to Michigan Ave. It is a very big hotel and at times it felt like we were staying at Faulty Towers.
rz9kHMr Fake Pos Excellent hotel in the heart of Chicago. The room we stayed in had a great view of Lake Michigan. We went in July for a vacation and everything is easily accesible from the hotel. Most major attractions are in around the Loop area. We also got a great deal on the price. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago - its in the right spot for both business and pleasure.
rzOqmDq Fake Pos I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago while in town for business, and enjoyed my stay very much. I stayed in a room with a king bed, which was very comfortable. The room had all the things I needed for my stay, which was nice. The only thing is I think there was a party on my floor, but they quieted down quickly enough. My room even had an internet connection! I also had dinner one night at the China Grill, and it was an amazing meal! Overall, I had a great stay, and will return next time I am in Chicago.
s4HnBzH True Pos I booked a room at the Hyatt through Priceline and was able to get a rate of $45/night! Can't go wrong with that! The rooms are nice, spacious, clean and contain all the amenties a traveler would need. I have to say that I have fallen in love with the Hyatt chain due to their customer service. I have stayed at a few of their hotels in different cities and the staff has always been extremely friendly, which you don't often see at other hotels. I used the self-check in machine, and the customer service person checked in on me to make sure everything was going smoothly. Then, when she saw that my room was not on a high level, she offered to have it changed for me so that I could have a better view. I would highly recommend this hotel! 
s8yjQFX True Pos Great hotel in heart of Chicago for business or pleasure. Rooms are recently upgraded and very modern and large. Flat screen TVs, marble baths, all rooms are suites, great desk, kitchenette, comfortable bed, free wireless internet... everything you could ask for. Location is easy walk to Magnificient Mile and lots of great restaurants. Staff is friendly and helpful. Short cab ride to Loop. 
s9VonJ4 True Neg Our trip was our annual anniversary trip. The hotel did not honor my choice of king size bed. Instead we received two double beds. This seriously decreased our enjoyment of our stay at the Hyatt. There were two cups of coffee complimentary in the room. No complimentary coffee anyplace else in the very large hotel. Location was more of a business district, not appropriate for pleasure trip. Employees of Hyatt were very friendly and helpful, other than the failure to deliver the reserved room.
sCjbfIZ True Neg The room looked like a country club prison cell. Flat paint on all walls, doors, trims, not especially clean. A platform bed and a long shelf/desk with an iron chair. No amenities, no homey touches, nothing on the walls. No room service, no gym, no concierge. The air conditioner clunked off and on all night. On the plus side, the bedding was nice and there was a large screen TV. Don't waste your money.
sDigVb5 True Neg Seriously overpriced The room was clean and comfortable but did not stand out from any other mid priced hotel. The "amenities" were a smoke screen, nothing was offered that you would not get at a much lesser quality motel but they did not have the basics that you would expect from a Holiday Inn. I would gladly have forgone the scale in the bathroom for a cup of hot coffee that I did not have to get dressed and go down to the lobby to purchase. Being charged $15/day for Internet on top of a $250/night rate was a bit over the top. The bathroom was not well lit which was inconvenient. The shower was a nice size with a fantastic over-sized shower head, unfortunately twice the water pressure was low so the effect was lost. The staff were friendly and helpful, actually the best part of the stay were the staff. All in all I found it overpriced for the quality of the room.
sG7WJZS True Pos My wife and I stayed here in the middle of February 2005. We took the (EL) subway to the hotel from O'Hare. It was very convenient. The lobby was nice and the room was clean and comfortable. I've stayed in many a hotel room, this bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in. The hotel is located in a great area and close to everything. Walking distance to almost all the interesting sites Chicago has. Would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting this great city. 
sJeHteQ True Pos We stayed 6 pleasent days in this not too big and very friendly hotel. the rooms were spotless comfortable and great view too... also nice view from the roof-bar. The area is pleasant nice and clean, minute walk to magnificant mile, easy to walk around to the lake. friendly stuff, very clean, great warm hotel to stay in. it does not have the "big hotel" factory-like feeling - more like home :) 
sQUzR19 True Neg Our non-smoking room smelled very badly of stale cigarette smoke. We were not allowed to change rooms. Also, the concierge staff was unprofessional, telling long winded personal stories to uninterested guests while long lines formed. The location was great. Hotel is dated, but would still be a nice place to stay if it weren't for customer service issues.
sRcg19r True Neg My wife and I just spent a long weekend at the Hardrock Chicago hotel, and although I am not one to normally write long email, I felt it necessary to bring some of the disappointing experiences from our recent syat (2/14 to 2/17) to your attention.Issues included: Our friends ordered chocolate covered strawberries to be delivered to our room upon arriving on 2/14 and we never got them. Our friends later (on 2/16) asked us if we had received the strawberries, and we responded no. They then brought this to the attention of the hotel and we were pleasantly surprised to have received a complimentary bottle of champagne. We were then disappointed again, upon checking out, however, when we were accidentally billed for the "complimentary" champagne - which was later subtracted from our bill. The in-room DVD player didn't work. It was approximately 11 PM on 2/15 when we called the front desk for help with trouble-shooting the issue. The person responded friendly that "Al, the engineer, will be calling you back shortly" to help. 10 minutes later there was a knock on the door, and it was Al. A great and friendly guy, but we were waiting for a call back, not the arrival of a service tech - keep in mind it was late and we were already in bed. When Al was not able to fix the DVD player, he graciously told us "order a movie on us" - thru the in-house movie selection. The problem: that didn't work either. Again, Al was awesome, and called the service provider, but they weren't able to fix it until after midnight. Finally, after midnight Al called us back, but by then the "movie watching" mood had sort of passed. I ended up watching the film "Hitman" alone as my wife had already gone to sleep.The thermostat in our room didn't work, regardless of the temperature we set it to (set to 65 degrees - actual temperature = 76 degrees). We had so many other unresolved issues that we didn't feel it necessary to voice any more. ...read more
sSm9ZLJ True Neg We've stayed here before but this time around was a marked difference in quality and service - the staff wasn't rude, just incompetent. For example, we ordered wine glasses for the room because the hotel no longer services a mini bar in the room, which seemed like a really cheap way to go for this type of hotel. Nonetheless, the staff brought us 4 coffee mugs... The list of issues goes on unfortunately, including the low grade in-room movie options - our audio and video did not sync on our rental; we eventually had to stop watching after 20 minutes. And the room itself was not clean; the bathroom sink vent holes were black with mold. Clearly the hotel has pulled back on not only amenities, but training or sufficient staff... oh, but the price point for this hotel has stayed the same. Find a newer hotel, there are many in this great city.
sTP54Mf Fake Pos This hotel was an absolute dream to stay in. I couldn't have picked a better hotel to spend in such luxury. I enjoyed the set up of the rooms and the space they offered.The room decor was extremely elegant and the location was great as well. I honestly felt like I was at a spa! The price was very reasonable as well. I would definetly recommend this hotel to everyone I know. If you ever get a chance to spend a night here definetly choose the suite rooms!!!
sWVnZGy Fake Pos I frequently have business meetings in Downtown Chicago and find that the Hotel Monaco Chicago, gives me the peace of mind to make those meetings enjoyable. While it might be more expensive than your average hotel....but there is nothing average in this hotel. Exceeds any expectations - service, food, quality, atmosphere were heads above anywhere. Thanks for making my trips to Chicago - the best of the best.
sXJdggO True Pos We wanted a nice place to stay the night after dinner, theater, and my daughter's 21st birthday. This place certainly fit the bill. It was convenient to everything including the SouthShore Railroad station. The staff were all friendly. Their was a small wine reception in the lobby in the evening and Starbucks coffee in the morning. Ryan, the concierge, ordered flowers for my daughter and had a nice bowl of Hershey Kisses waiting for us when we arrived. We were upgraded to a suite and although they forgot to make up the sofa bed, they came promptly to get it set up when we called later. The window seats were beautiful as well and I enjoyed drinking my coffee in the morning and reading a book. 
sZIGPFH True Neg Nice big rooms but stinky mildew hallways, fair room service menu and weird elevator set up really hurt my review on the Omni. Location was great but there are a lot of other options. If you get a really good deal on the room, I wouldn't say no.
smYTI86 Fake Neg My wife and I live in the Western Suburbs of Chicago. For our anniversary, we booked a night at the Fairmont based on recommendations from friends. While the staff of the hotel was quite friendly and helpful and the location ideal for a night out in the city, the accommodations themselves were not up to our expectations. For starters, we requested a non-smoking room which we did receive. However, the hallway leading up to our room had a distinctive smell of smoke which certainly was a turn off for both of us. While the room was certainly adequate, the bathroom light had a distinct flicker and there was no complementary shampoo included. While the latter may seem like a minor offense, it is not what one expects from hotel of such reported quality. Finally, the cost of parking seemed to be somewhat inflated even for Chicago's standards. In summary, the Fairmont is a decent quality hotel but for the price, I am sure we could of done better.
sqKYcfA True Neg I stayed at the hotel during the Dave Matthews Caravan tour and would come home each night rather dusty/dirty from being at an outdoor concert with 200,000 of my closest friends. I used half a bottle of shampoo the first night. The second night, the staff had not refreshed my bar soap or shampoo. I informed the front desk who made apologies and said they would take care of it immediately. I got home that night with a tiny tiny bar of soap (hand soap) for the bath/shower and they had replaced the shampoo in its original place, nicely displayed, but with the EXACT SAME bottle of shampoo that was now 1/8 full. Yeah!! The hotel is in a great location to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave....I'll grant them that....but that's where their "pros" end. I'd rather stay at a Hampton Inn. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
sucv5ip Fake Pos The Omni Chicago is hands down, the best hotel in my opinion in the chicago area. I am a neat freak but here you need not worry about cleanliness as they are the best at keeping the rooms tidy. Our check in was easy and fast and the staff at the hotel was very courteous and friendly. I forgot my hair dryer but thankfully, one of the many perks at this hotel, they provide one for you in your room! That's a small benefit compared to the lucious pool and dreamy massages they offer! I have never had a massage like that before! My favortie thing about the Omni is the high speed wireless internet that is available to all guests. I am able to do my work online in all areas of the hotel which saved me a lot of time as I was not at my office but still had a lot of work to get done. I also LOVED the TV they provide in the room. A big plasma with a beautiful, crisp picture! I don't even have that at home! Needless to say, I spent almost all night lounging in the comfortable bed watching movies only to fall asleep and wake up to the newspaper delivered to my hotel door in the morning! I will be coming back to the Omni on my next trip to Chicago. That's a promise. 
sxcoON7 True Neg The Omni was chosen for it's location whichworked out perfectly. The bedding was wondeful and everything seemed fairly clean ...until...I sat down in the tub...there was BLACK MOLD in the soap holder, in the cracks on the walls between the tile, all under the tile overhang above the tub and completely around the toilet bowl. Needless to say I drained the tub and took a shower...I really don't care for showers. Oh yes...the toilet leaked as well...The staff were very helpful but I was disappointed. I travel extensively and don't think I will return. we needed color copies for a business meeting and their printer was broken, so the man in the business center took the jump drive to another part of the hotel, printed the presentation and delivered it to our room. They try! We booked online for a weekend package and got a room on the 10th floor with a view of the windows of another building...but we weren't there too much.
szwBM49 True Neg We got a spanking deal at this hotel for $99 a night. It's in a good location to the Loop. Excellent transportation options abound. My gripe comes from the fact that we were obviously put in a "crappy" room. It overlooked the back of the building and the roof of a building next to us. The toilet in the room was not bolted to the floor. Other than that, if I needed to stay in the Loop again for something and I knew I wasn't going to be put in a undesirable room, I would stay here again.
t07lDZb True Neg The hotel itself was beautiful and wonderful staff but the bottom line for me was that it was impossible to sleep through the night because the noise of the ambulance sirens continued throughout the night. For THREE consecutive nights. There was simply inadequate soundproofing - even 14 floors above the street (OK - 13 floors as there is no 13th floor). I hesitate to write this review but I rely on Trip Advisor reviews when traveling, and had I been warned about the ambulance sirens, I would have chosen to stay elsewhere. If you are a sound sleeper and noise is not an issue then it is a lovely hotel and excellent value. Conveniently located. Wonderful staff. But quiet is a key priority for me so I would not stay here again. :(
t31nGUr Fake Neg I really wish I could say that I liked this hotel, but the whole experience was just plain awful. My first warning sign should have been when I made my reservation. The person I spoke with when placing my reservation had absolutely no idea what he was doing. At first he tried to book me into the wrong hotel, and then when we finally got it sorted which hotel I was actually wanting, he booked me for the wrong dates. He read me the right dates, and it was only when I called back two days later to confirm that I found out he'd given me the wrong dates. Hilton did get it fixed, but I already had a bad feeling about my stay. Then came actually staying at the hotel. The people at the check-in desk were downright rude. Then there was the room. I was supposed to be in a non-smoking room, but the room smelled strongly of cigarette smoke. The hotel staff refused to believe me, but did let me change rooms to one that didn't smell of cigarettes. However, I might as well have stayed in the first room. I was short towels, and it took four calls(over a period of 12 hours) to the front desk to get some. The sheets had not been changed, made obvious by the crumbs and fresh stains that littered them. Yes, I was able to get fresh sheets, but like the towels, it took several hours for them to be delivered. Since this is a pet friendly hotel, lucky me I got stuck in the room next to the room filled with yappy little dogs. The walls were so paper thin, all I could hear all night was barking. When I complained about it, the staff refused to believe me, and said that the walls of the room are so thick I shouldn't be able to hear anything from next door. Yeah right. I was excited to use the pool, but just like my room, it hadn't been cleaned recently. Then, I tried the fitness center. Half the equipment was broken. I tried to cut my stay short, but of course this hotel wouldn't work with me at all. They even refused to comp my stay for all the grossness I had to deal with. I will never stay with Hilton again, and I will be sure to let everyone know what a nightmare this stay was.
t4XaQTY Fake Pos At first my husband and I were really excited for our family to enjoy the T-Rex Experience package. We figured it would be a great deal package even though the hotel itself felt too "ritzy" for us to travel with our four children. But after two nights of downtown Chicago fun we realized that The Talbott transcends it's ritzy look and truly embraces a family friendliness which we thoroughly enjoyed.
t872DjE True Neg We stayed at the Fairmont two Saturday's in a row, and both stays were disappointing. We had to call the hotel prior to each stay and both times it took the hotel 30-40 minutes to answer their phone. For the price, we expected nicer decor (it looked cheaply done); more comfortable beds-the mattresses were too soft and the sheets too hard-pillows weren't comfortable either; a more accomodating front desk staff. Our friends who were also there on the same dates will undoubtably add similar comments.
tBXw1jF Fake Pos Me and my wife recently stayed at the Hilton Chicago while on vacation, and I can't recommend it enough. The hotel is located right on Michigan Avenue in downtown Chicago, and right next to tons of great restaurants and stores. The rooms are spacious and elegant; they are modern and stylish without being crazy or garish. I especially liked the big flat screen TV and the very comfy bed, sleeping in hotel rooms is often far from relaxing but I had no problem falling asleep. I highly recommend the Hilton Chicago, I'll definitely stay there again. A+ 
tFbwl2j True Pos We have stayed at several high end places in Chicago and this is still our favorite. Location is superb, staff are particularly gracious and welcoming without being cloying. Cornell, at the front desk, is unfailingly helpful as is the concierge. We love the extra room that a suite provides and if you join the frequent guest program, high speed internet is gratis, as is a breakfast beverage delivered along with the newspaper each morning at the time of your choosing. Bedding is of excellent quality and they offer truly amazing blackout curtains! We have never had a bad stay at this hotel. 
tIAdV66 True Pos I took the wife and kids to Chicago for one last fling before school started back up. When I checked in, the staff was very attentive, I showed a little consideration for the friendly attitude (small tip) and was upgraded to a huge upper floor room complete with a bar! I didn't get the "Priceline" glare and it paid off for all involved. The air and water show was underway on the lake front, and we had planes flying over our room. The kids thought it was great. That night we had a great view of the fireworks at Navy Pier. The Sunday morning breakfast buffet at the hotel was very good and the price was not out of reason. The conceirge was very knowledgeable and very friendly. It was one of the best times we ever had in Chicago. 
tIihhlx Fake Neg What I hoped would be a pleasant stay turned into a nightmare. The first sign of trouble at the Affinia was that they couldn't find my reservation. Add to that the room service delivered cold food after a long wait and the mini bar was not well stocked. The internet service was so slow it was unusable. To top it off the street noise seemed to penetrate the thin walls with ease making getting a good night sleep nearly impossible. Finally, I discovered the valet parking, which was a $49 premium service, dented my fender and scratched the door paint on my car. I highly recommend going elsewhere when you visit Chicago.
tMYfp8P Fake Neg What was supposed to be a fun weekend getaway with the girls in Chicago turned into a complete disaster. The first problem arose when we arrived at the airport and the car the hotel concierge was supposed to arrange to pick up our group of 6 was a small town car there was no chance we could all fit in...they knew we had 6! We ended up just getting a taxi van to take us all to the hotel. When we arrived they had our three rooms spread out on 3 different floors despite our request for rooms near each other. After some finagling they were finally able to get us in 3 rooms on the same floor, unfortunately one of the rooms hadn't even been cleaned which meant more waiting around. The staff never seemed to have any sense of urgency when we voiced our concerns nor did they offer any apologies for the inconveniences they were creating. On our second morning we were woken up by a loud noise that sounded like funriture being rearranged in the room above us at 5:30am. Despite my calls to the front desk, the sound seemed to continue for about 45 minutes. We also didn't know the hotel was sooo pet friendly. One morning we woke up to find a huge dog turd just outside the room door. I understand they allow pets, but really...people need to clean up after their animals...or have some dog free floors. While Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago may be beautifully decorated and offer some great rooms, their service was terrible, the staff was rude, and I still can't get over that dog poo in the hallway. I definitely won't be staying here again.
tjBEzdO True Pos We stayed for a one night getaway with family on a thursday. Triple AAA rate of 173 was a steal. 7th floor room complete with 44in plasma TV bose stereo, voss and evian water, and gorgeous bathroom(no tub but was fine for us) Concierge was very helpful. You cannot beat this location... Only flaw was breakfast was pricey and service was very very slow(2hours for four kids and four adults on a friday morning) even though there were only two other tables in the restaurant. Food was very good so it was worth the wait. I would return in a heartbeat. A gem in chicago... 
ttNzOUi Fake Pos Fairmont Chicago was a great choice for my wife and I. We couldn't resist the elegant Aria Restaurant and the accommodations. The room was impeccably clean and the city view was utterly amazing. From the moment we checked in, the staff produced a positive atmosphere with genuine hospitality. My wife even suggested we should have had our wedding reception in their beautiful ball room. Overall, I would rate Fairmont Chicago a 10/10!
tywPPi7 True Pos This a great property, excellent location and wonderful staff. Everyone was very accommodating and polite. The room I had was on the 23rd floor and was like a suite, with a living area and a bedroom. The living room was spacious, with a plasma TV, a desk and a couch. The beds were very comfortable and the toiletries of very good quality. In the closed they placed an umbrella, which came in handy, it rained the whole time I was in Chicago. The internet connection is $9.95/24hrs. Great place, I will return for sure. 
u0jyEVy Fake Pos I just came back from this awesome, terrific hotel last week, and I have to say-- I loved it! My wife and I were there for a week due to a business meeting, and right when I stepped into the hotel, I knew that this business vacation will be well spent. The customer service was very great, and an employee even guided us toward our room! We were introduced to a fantastically lit room with 2 beds, a flat screen TV, and even free internet access. My wife loved it, and kept on using the free shampoo and body bath soap. When I headed down to the lobby for my conference, I got lost, and asked one of the people who worked there where my meeting might be held. He leaded me to the door, and I was very impressed. There is a fitness center which I went everyday, and this great restaurant called C-House situated nicely next to the hotel lobby, where I had a nice steak and my wife a salad. All in all, I thought that the trip was really worth it, and my stay was very welcoming at the Affinia Chicago. I highly recommend that whenever you visit Chicago you should stay there, you will not regret it. 
u26KpXN Fake Pos The rates at The Talbott Hotel were cheaper than I had expected, and that was my reason for booking a room. I had been prepared for service and a room similar to what I had experienced in the past, and I was quite pleased when I did stay. The room was neat and clean, and the halls were quiet at night. The traffic noise was muffled to the point where it was no problem sleeping either. I did ask one question at the service desk and they answered it nicely, which is good because normally hotel workers can be a bit snippy, especially at night. Overall I had no problems with The Talbott Hotel and I would stay at this here again if I were in the area a second time.
u3knGA4 Fake Neg My wife and I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel last month for my son's wedding. When we got there nobody helped us with our bags and they took forever to Valet our car. After waiting 15 minutes to get my car parked he expected a tip, which I found rude. After finally getting to our room I noticed crumbs on the floor and a dirty bathroom. I was extremely disappointed with the room and the service. I will not recommend this place to anyone.
u5nhiol True Pos We had a great experience at this hotel. The hotel is Huge! The rooms were very clean, well appointed, and our room was very roomy with a great view of the snow covered park. The Staff was so nice and very helpfull. Donald, at the the Concierge desk scored us tickets to WICKED the day of the performance, and on a Holiday weekend too. They were great seats and a reasonable price. He worked very hard for us to see that show. They truely topped off what was a Fun New Years Celebration. This will be my first pick when I return in the spring. 
u79uZ0I Fake Pos Our experience at Hotel Monaco was wonderful. My fiancee and I stayed two nights in the Tranquility suite--absolutely exquisite! We had wonderful room service and practically never had to leave our room. (Except to go to the gym :) I was able to do yoga on the trip because they had yoga accessories in the room! I was surprised by that. This hotel was the definition of 'luxury', they had anything we needed and more. My fiancee said we were staying at a really 'nice' hotel but I had no idea until we walked in the door. As soon as you walk in you are met with the charming atmosphere and luxurious decor. I have to admit, cheesy as it may sound, I felt like a queen all weekend long :) Most of the time I have at least one problem with the hotel I stayed at, but I have to say at this point I have no complaints at all about Hotel Monaco and I will definitely look forward to staying there again during my next trip to Chicago.
uGv6h7V Fake Neg I decided to spend the extra money booking a room at the Monaco because of the website's pictures of the beautiful rooms and views. It was a waste of cash, to say the least. Although I had requested a room with a view of the city, they must have given me the worst room in the place. Maid service skipped over my room on my second day there, and I had to call for towels at least twice before someone finally came to my room. The food was outrageously expensive and not even lukewarm. Two-star hotel quality.
uIgdP9w Fake Neg We booked a room at the Hilton Chicago for two nights to stay the weekend, but upon arrival our reservation could not be found. I even provided the hotel with our confirmation number, but it still wasn't available! Fortunately, another reservation had not shown up so there was space available for us. Once we settled into our room for the night (after a long flight), there was a bad odor coming from the bathroom. Apparently the cleaning solution they used was tainted and they had to re-clean it after our arrival. Needless to say, with both of these poor experiences in just one night, I will be hesitant to EVER stay in this hotel again, let alone any other Hilton around. Please consider someplace else before the Hilton Chicago!
uIl4fNV True Pos My wife and I stayed two nights at the Talbott at the end of February. This little hotel was the perfect place for us. The lobby is very small but also cozy, and with both fireplaces going it was a welcoming atmosphere coming in from the cold. The staff was very friendly and efficient. The room was pretty spacious, and the king bed was extremely comfortable. We had a seventh floor room facing delaware st, so there was really no view. The bathroom was a good size, including two sinks and a spacious tub/shower. There was also free wireless internet...a big plus for us. Perhaps the best thing about the Talbott is the location. We were only a few steps from State, Rush, and North Michigan. Tons of shopping, bars, and good food are easily within walking distance. This makes the Talbott a great place for tourists who want to walk around and take everything in. We highly recommend the Talbott, and will gladly stay again on return trips. 
uNemxg5 True Neg I have stayed at this location many times over the past few years and have enjoyed the neighborhood, cost and amenities. The hotel is currently under construction and while they claim to be open, you wouldn't know it. You need to take an elevator to get from the street the lobby and the rooms are bare lacking even an alarm clock. The beds are propped up on a modern bed stand but you might think that you are in a stale mental asylum and not a "nicer historic hotel." I will try them again once the construction is through but would recommend staying at any other hotel in the meantime. It was a very frustrating experience.
uQkOcJl True Pos I stayed at The Talbott for 3 nights on business and was very pleased. The staff was friendly as can be immediately confirming the lore of the midwest. I was upgraded to a suite which was bigger than my apartment and certainly more luxurious. The free wi-fi came in handy as I needed to work remotely while there. Everything from the comfort of the bed to the staff and location made this a great stay. Oh, and I got to workout at the huge Equinox right next door for free. 
uQvSxfB Fake Neg Hard Rock Hotel boats that they have the best of the high scale accommodations for your business or pleasure stays. What they fail to disclose is just how expensive your stay will be. The service tends to be heavily influenced by the wealth of the patrons, service is more redily available and friendly the more you make.The rooms are furnished with attractive but old furnishings. The laundry service leaves more to be desired. The sheets have a gray tint to them and the rooms smell of tobacco. I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel and was disappointed with not only the service but the cleanliness of the room from the bathroom to the bedding.Your stay at any hotel should be memorable and restful-after all isnt that what we pay for?
uQytREE True Neg Not a good start when the front desk isn't willing to tell their customers that they have a problem with your room! We reserved a King Suite, and the hotel put us in a Queen Suite without telling us up front. Only after we confronted the Manager did they come clean about the switch, he offered us a free breakfast, but would not up-grade our room. The whole problem could have been avoided if they would have told us the truth and let us decide if we still were willing to stay at the Omni. We will not be retuning to this Hotel again.
uWGeGHd Fake Pos Very luxurious and worth the money. If you are looking to relax and unwind in a great hotel then this is the one to choose. The staff was great and friendly. Dont forget the 24 hour room service which is a great treat.
uaaJrgR Fake Neg During my latest business trip, both me and my wife recently stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel in Chicago,Illinois, at one of their Deluxe suites. Unfortunately, and I think I speak for both of us, we were not fully satisfied with the hotel. The hotel advertises luxury-level accommodations, and while the rooms resemble what one can see in the pictures, the service is certainly sub-par. When one plans a stay at such an establishment, they expect a service that goes beyond having fresh towels in the bathroom when they check in. First of all, the air-conditioning in the room seemed to be in need of a new filter and when it was first turned on, the air coming out seemed musty. Second of all, the fitness center was only open until 10:30 pm. For people who like to exercise after dinner, this can certainly be a problem. Especially considering that it does not take much to have the fitness center available around the clock or until midnight. For these, as well as other similar reasons, I would not recommend this hotel, if one is looking for luxury accommodations.
uc3WPbB Fake Neg Whenever I decided to stay at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park, the only thing that I had on my mind was the idea of taking that time to relax and enjoy some time with my husband. However, the hotel choice wasn't the best. Right in the front desk when we arrived there we had problems with our reservation. The room that we had reserved was occupied and so we had to switch to some other room, which was much smaller than the original one. The hotel did give us a discount, but if I'd paid for the large room was because I wanted the it. A hotel with this name shouldn't put its guests in these kind of situation. I wont be reserving room there again.
uc50ZUh True Pos Stayed here with friends for a long weekend in August and loved the hotel. Enjoyed the free nightly wine happy hour, and the accomodations were quite nice (our beds were very soft and comfortable). We had excellent views of the river from our rooms. The location was wonderful for seeing the sights around town, with easy access to public transportation nearby. My friends actually received the goldfish upon request, which they enjoyed. Some noise could be heard from rooms nearby or above, but it was minimal. Price seemed very resonable to us for the location. Will certainly return to the Windy City and plan on staying here again. 
ucePOMb Fake Pos Upon arriving to the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, I was immediately impressed. The staff was friendly and checked us in quickly, which is important to me after a long trip. Our room was immaculate and decorated in a clean modern style. The bed was very comfortable, including the linens which felt high quality, unlike what you get at some other hotels. All this made for a great night sleep. Perhaps the most impressive part of our stay at the Hard Rock Hotel was their "Party like a Rottweiler" package we added to our reservation. For an additional fee we were able to bring our pet and were provided with treats, toys and best of all the pet cam! We left our dog in the room with a pet cam and were able to watch him throughout the day on my iPhone! All in all this was a great place to stay and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who wants to travel with their pet.
ueZ1OYR True Neg If you asked me two years ago, I would have recommended the Talbott Hotel without hesitation to anyone who asked. Now, I have definitely changed my mind. While this hotel is located in a nice area of Chicago, surrounded by great restaurants, shops and affluent people, it has really begun to slowly downgrade. As noted by my reviews, I am incredibly serious about customer service. If you're in the hospitality industry, there is really no excuse for falling short in this category--- but alas, the Talbott really has. The door staff don't say a word, the desk people acknowledge you only when they are not doing a million other things (which they always are) and the staff have an air of snobbishness. Inexcusable since we, the customers, are paying to stay at their over-priced hotel. Perhaps the most annoying aspect of my latest stay was that I had to walk down 11 flights of stairs to get to the lobby of the hotel because I waited a solid 15 minutes for the elevator, which, when it arrived, was packed to the brim. I get that it's an old hotel, but it is incredibly annoying that they only have two elevators for the entire place and when one is down for construction, the other one overflows with people and I am forced to walk ELEVEN flights to simply get to my dinner reservation on time (which I didn't.) I will not continue giving this hotel my business and have other better recommendations to give to friends who plan on visiting.
uetlbKp Fake Pos Great hotel!! The staff is very friendly and helpful. The room was in perfect shape, very clean and just a beautiful setup. I will definetly go to this hotel many more times when i am in the area! I would definetly recommend it!
ufMxHkH True Pos Hotel Monaco is in a really great location, only a block away from the Miracle mile and a couple of blocks from Millenium Park. Sears Tower is also well within walking distance and if you don't mind walking you won't have a problem walking to Greek Town and Lincoln Park (we did). The daily, complimentary, wine hour is a really nice touch that we unfortunately were only around once to try out. If you can, leave your car behind, you won't need it and the parking is quite pricey, which is not very surprising considering the location. Everything was clean, fresh and modern and the staff very helpful. The only bad thing was that the noise from the elevated train around "the loop" was quite loud and that our room happened to be next to the maid's supply room so it was quite busy in the morning. 
uwVYLTz True Pos This was one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Chicago. I've also tried Amalfi and a number of larger chain hotels downtown. This one was the best. Great service, beautiful room, roomy bathroom, top-notch amenities. 
v1WYpj7 True Pos Stayed at the Monaco on my way skiing at Easter & loved it. Staff were helpful & friendly, room was huge with fantastic view of the river. Central location, 5 min walk to the EL. Adjoining Restaurant/Bar, great food & service. I have stayed in more expensive, supposedly better, hotels in Chicago, but this is the best. Thanks Monaco, I'll be back. 
v2b3hpw True Neg I haven't actually stayed at this hotel- yet- but am already disappointed in their customer service. I visit Chicago quite often and usually stay at the InterContinental, but yesterday I read some online articles advertising The James Hotel's "Cyber Monday Special". The promo states that if you buy a gift certificate from their website, the hotel will match that amount in "James Credits" that can be used toward your stay. None of the articles gave an expiration date for these credits. My next trip to Chicago is in April, so I thought I'd give The James a try. I travel frequently with my pet and I've heard they have a very liberal pet-policy. So today I went online and bought a $500 certificate. Me, having the one track mind that I do, somehow missed the part about the credits expiring March 31, 2010. I realized my mistake immediately and called the hotel front desk to explain my predicament. I said I couldn't be in Chicago until April (I'm overseas on business until then), and asked if they could extend my credits an extra month, or it not, refund my gift certificate purchase. I had only just made the purchase minutes before and hadn't even recieved my email confirmation yet. Most businesses offer a 24 hr grace period. The girl at the front dest was extremely rude to me- basically saying "too bad, it's your problem now". She didn't even bother to act polite or pretend to be sympathetic about my situation at all. So now that I know this is the kind of service I can expect from The James, I might just call it a wash and stay at my usual hotel, or try Hotel Monaco. I hear they have great service and are good with pets too.
v45TPcc Fake Pos I recently stayed in the Talbott Hotel in Chicago with my family of three. I absolutely loved it and will definitely return! The customer service of the staff at the front desk was fantastic. They were very helpful in helping us decide on what activities to do and what restaurants to visit during our stay. For the nights we didn't want to go out, we had room service. The food from the Hotel restaurant was so delicious and the service was very quick. I also loved their commitment to the environment. It is clear to me why they have won so many awards. Thank you Talbott for a wonderful stay!
v54sGI1 Fake Pos My husband and I stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel last weekend and I felt compelled to write a review about this wonderful hotel. I have to say I was very impressed with the cleanliness and the beautiful decor of this hotel. Not to mention the friendliest and most helpful staff I have ever encountered. I frequently stay at hotels for business but have never had such a wonderful experience as I did at the Omni Chicago Hotel. From the minute we walked in the beautiful front doors to the time of our check out we were absolutely treated like royalty. This is one hotel that I would definitely rate 5 stars. You can be sure, I will absolutely be back in the future.
v88lyp1 True Neg They rave about their beds but the beds were average. On surface room seemed clean, however, dropped my pen behind nightstand and discovered at least an inch of dust. It appeared there had been repairs to something where they had to cut away part of the wall. The repair job was covered up with a wallpaper board over the hole but the board did not even completely cover hole. Impossible to have a decent shower or bath. EXTREME water saving devices on both the shower and tub provided basically a trickle of water. I was unable to get the shampoo out of my hair as pressure was so poor. Also be prepared to be nickled and dimed to death. There was even a $10 charge if you used the coffeemaker in the room, really! For room service they tack on a delivery charge and a 20% gratuity. Since the waiter does not stay to serve you how is he earning a gratuity. I have already been charged for him to deliver the food. The parking fees were outrageous at $51 a night but to add insult they charge a hotel patron the same fees as the general public. Upon packing to leave we realized that the dvd set my son had brought was missing. I reported the theft to the hotel. Had to file a report with security who promised me they would investigate and get back to me within 2 days. It has now been over two weeks. No follow up, no apology even given. We will never stay at this hotel again. We have been to Chicago many times and this is the worst hotel we have ever stayed at.
vBxjymA Fake Neg Extremely disappointed in our stay. This hotel did not look like what pictures portrayed online. I booked online thinking what a perfect place this was going to be, only to arrive and have a room without a view even though that is what was paid for. The room smelled musty and not clean. Garbage was not changed from prior person. Found small ants in bathroom near shower. Called to complain and someone came up 2 hours later and used bug spray. Overall this hotel is in a great location, but we would never visit again. Staff was not overly friendly or helpful and the room was not as all as it seemed online.
vHC77UI Fake Neg I stayed at the Affnia hotel in Chicago and was extremely unsatisfied. I would recommend everyone to avoid this hotel. I paid $700 overall for 2 nights in a cheap, small, untidy room. Granted, I've stayed at hotels of similar quality, but never have I paid so much for one of them! I could not believe what I saw when I walked into the room...it was tiny and there was small patches of mold on the wall (that had been painted over). The breakfast I ordered wasn't terrible, but certainly wasn't good. The wifi connection was horrendously slow. If you want to spend a big buck on a hotel, fine...just don't spend it here.
vKQnAT5 Fake Neg I was extremly unhappy with my recent stay at Affinia Chicago! When I arrived to check in, my reservation that I had made, (and confirmed), 2 weeks earlier, was not in the computer.I had to wait 40 minutes in the lobby while a room was being cleaned for me. The whole time the desk clerk gave me dirty looks and texted non-stop on her cell phone, while the office phone rang off the hook. I had no toilet paper in my restroom or trash can in room.I'll never go back,dont waste your money.
vL2xcAX True Neg Great, awesome service. Seriously, the people are amazing. That, and the nice bartender who serves after last call (at least, that's what I was told - I of course don't drink) save this place from one star. But seriously blah, small, non-luxury rooms with beds that are just really uncomfortable - and for a card rate of $725/night, even in a major city, the rooms better be awesome. I've had waaaay better rooms in NYC for $350/night. (Good thing I had a corporate rate.) And my room was not especially big, despite what the below reviews say. But here's the main problem. Even on the 10th floor, the guy blowing the whistle to summon cabs downstairs woke me up at 6, and 6:15, and 6:30, and 6:45, and 6:50, and 6:55, and...and, well, I finally got up and said screw it, let's greet the day. Maybe everyone else was already up, but somehow I doubt it. Am now safely ensconced in the Four Seasons.
vL5KIAF True Pos I love the Ambassador East, true, she's a little old but she's a classic treasure. The service is wonderful, from the minute you arrive you are greeted warmly and with a nice welcome! I felt the service was good, room was clean and quiet and that all the staff was very accomodating. The biggest gem is the Pump Room bar and restaurant. The best drinks, amazing food, exciting photographs and fun music on the weekends. This is set in the most fabulous location; historical neightborhood, close to walk the lakefront, well known hometown bars, excellent restaurants Chicago has to offer and most of all shopping. There was a nice street market going on over the summer-fall weekends, giving this area a real interesting flavor of Chicago. I can see it needs some updating but I was totally happy and content with my stay. I travel a great deal in my work and have seen all kinds of hotels. I will stay here again in the future. 
vMqmsHq True Neg Stayed at the Fitzpatrick as a result of all of the glowing reviews on TripAdvisor and to avoid the normal corporate hotel. Good location but the room was dirty, and not just from the last housekeeping. It was dingy: a place where you needed the slippers they provided. And this was a suite. Also, the refrigerator was caked with ice and didn't work. Furthermore, because my travel agent had mixed up the dates I was to travel, I showed up a day late. The hotel said it wasn't a problem and that I wouldn't be charged for the no-show the night before. I had my travel desk verify this with the hotel management the same day. Then the Fitzpatrick charged me for both nights and refused to reverse the charges after many attempts to resolve. Neither I nor my corporate travel desk will use the Fitzpatrick again. Two dots only because it's in a good location and because the lobby was clean. I'm generally easy to please and slow to complain but this was bad.
vPK0zza True Neg We experienced bed bugs in our room while staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel on the Magnificent Mile. We never received a return call from General Manager Sanjay Mahajan after several voicemails. We will never return to the hotel and will work to spread the word. We also heard from several employees from the cleaning staff that this is common in the hotel.
vPbUCBA True Pos After reading the reviews on this hotel, I decided to book my stay for July 4th weekend here and I am glad I did, this hotel is absolutely beautiful. Our suite was gorgeous it is a very romantic hotel with big sit in picture windows. I do have 1 complaint. The bar is very boring and the resturant is not that great, but other than that I loved it. I would definitely stay there again. 
vQLS3Iv True Neg For a supposed 4-star hotel, I was not very impressed at akk. The lobby was nice and modern-looking, but there were no bellhops outside to help with bags or open the doors (we didn't arrive that late at night). Additionally, when we walked into the hotel late one night, there was trash and flowers strewn on the lobby floor and, it seemed that there were always water bottles and glasses near the seating area as you walked in. Where was the staff to clean up? That's not a very welcoming sight. The rooms were nice and clean and provided a great view, but the actual location was farther than I would have preferred from Michigan Avenue, andi it was also a little too far south. Area recommendations Rush Street was a lot of fun at night!
vUNkZI6 True Neg The location of the hotel is great, right on the river and Michigan Ave. Almost everything is within walking distance. At the price, though, and given the 4 star hotel, we expected better walls. Our room was connected to other rooms on both sides by locked doors. The sound from both rooms came in loud and clear. We heard our one neighbor making business deals on his phone (he clearly wasn't speaking loudly), and the other neighbors up at midnight yelling and screaming when they came back drunk. We asked them to be quiet (I shouldn't have expected that to work with some young drunks) then called security, but they did nothing. I was completely annoyed with the noise, especially in an expensive business hotel such as this one. Unless you are in Chicago to party, get drunk, and not get any sleep, I wouldn't stay here.
vcCmtPu True Neg I arrived and my friends were already there and visiting a nearby art gallery. They put my name on the reservation and told me to get a key from the front desk when I arrived. The front desk staff gave me the key to my room and I put my stuff away and went to meet the group. We returned late that night and I soon realized the room that my friends were in was not the room that I placed my stuff in that afternoon. We went to speak with the front desk. We were met with "We can't do anything about that right now due to the hour. We will not disrupt the guest staying in the room you say you left your stuff in." Unacceptable!!! My $1500 laptop and all of the things I brought with me were in that room! Not my mistake! FINALLY, after arguing with the head of security for about 30 minutes, they knocked on the door of the room I had left my belongings in and a lady answered. She was upset and stated she had security take the items from her room in the afternoon. All of my belongings were recovered in the security room; however, all of this hullabaloo could have been avoided had they communicated about the situation! Terrible, terrible customer service. They sent up an apology letter, champagne, and chocolate covered strawberries to the room. Although I was appreciative of the gesture, it still does not excuse the fact that they argued and continued to say "We can't do anything about it."
vdlGoyj Fake Pos Our stay at the James in late last August exceeded our expectations. My husband was in Chicago for a business trip, and I tagged along to have some time away from our day to day life. When we entered the hotel we were greeted acknowledged the minute we walked through the doors, and the staff member at the front desk was extremely friendly. He met our needs in a timely manner and patiently answered our questions. The lobby was clean and the ambiance was impressive. Our room was also very clean. I could not have found a better room for those two nights of peace and quiet. The bed was comfortable, and the bedding was the type you could slip into and drift off in. It has been awhile since I have stayed at a hotel where the comforter was not scratchy or too thin. My husband actually commented that he had not seen me sleep that soundly in over a month. The bathroom was also impressive. The water pressure was not something I had to mess with to get perfect, and the heater took no time at all to warm up. Even though I had brought my own shampoo and conditioner, I did give the amenities in the bathroom a try, and like everything else they exceeded my expectations. I did not get a chance to check out the conference rooms, however, my husband had nothing but great things to say about the qualities of the facilities. I truly enjoyed the location and ambiance of this hotel, and if we are ever in the Chicago area again we will definitely be staying here. This hotel met all of our needs from relaxation to business to pleasure. 
vfI9uFj True Pos We loved our stay at the Talbott. We were in Chicago to attend the theater show Dirty Dancing. We booked our room through Orbitz and received a nice discount. When we arrived at the hotel everyone from the doorman to the front desk to the maids were highly professional and courtesy. We were upgraded to a King bed suite. The suite was well decorated and spacious. My wife particularily enjoyed the heat that could be directed at the marble floor in the bathroom. We loved the hotel and will definitely stay at the Talbott on our next trip to Chicago. Highly recommended. 
vgQ7TjC Fake Pos I recently had my wedding at the Omni Hotel in Chicago and I was more than pleased. The decision to use a hotel as my wedding reception venue was at first a hard one, I was worried that a hotel would be too impersonal but once I met with the staff at the Omni I was certain that it was the way to go. The staff was so attentive and friendly, and I felt as if my wedding was the most important thing at the hotel. I highly recommend the Omni Hotel in Chicago, brides will not be dissapointed!
vhxyXme True Pos My stay at the The James was perfect. My room was thoughtfully designed: the lighting, the storage space, the bar area, the eating nook and everything else in the room was purposeful and pretty to look at. The staff was friendly and and genuinely accomadating. The restaurant (Primehouse) echoed the above. Great service and one of the best steaks I've had in a very long time. 
vj45zYg True Neg My friend book this hotel for us for a girls weekend in Chicago. Lets just say we were thankful we didn't have to spend much time in the room. The carpet was so stained it looked like it was suppose to be that way. The furniture was worn and outdated. The place was gross and just wasn't worth the money we spent on it. The only redeeming quality was the door man, we was very nice and helpful.
vjqke3H True Neg We booked this hotel as a last minute vacation planned on doing a little shopping and nightlife downtown. We where woken up at 6:00 in the morning with our bathroom flooded, this water was brown and all the clothing and our belongings left in the bathroom were dirty and sopping wet. We where moved to another room, but it was smaller then the orginal room we had gotten and paid for. The next day the housekeeping service never even came to change our sheets, coffee or towels, which is just horrible service. The service along with the orginal room where perfect, but we do not plan on ever spending another weekend in that flooding hotel.
vnZsIeF True Pos We stayed at the Conrad for only one evening but it was such an amazing room we would have liked to stay longer! We were on the newly renovated 9th floor and the room was gorgeous and super clean! There was a flat screen, bose sound system and even an Ihome for our Ipod. Wireless was free and they bring you a free bottle of water at turn down. Everyone was very helpful and so friendly. We can't wait to go back again! 
vtpc3Qa True Pos I was attending a conference at the Mariott. They were booked up and I shared a room at the Hard Rock for a week by default. What a lucky break. This is a beautiful hotel. I am not a fan of all that black/grey vibe and find it a little cheesy. What I loved was the way the Hard Rock left the beautiful old hotel features intact, and decorated around the basic stucture. My room was CLEAN, CLEAN, CLEAN. I want to comment on the staff. What an upbeat group of people. This included the doormen, the front desk, the consierge. They were wonderful! Every morning one of the bell men would find my TV morning news show for me in the bar, while I drank their courtesy coffee. They brought us a refrigerator, IPOD dock, and extra suitcase stand within minutes of check-in. I had a hard time contacting the airport transport. The consierge took care of it for me. While I was waiting for the 4:50 am airport shuttle, one of the bell men found me a cup of coffee in the back. I just couldn't get over how nice and friendly everyone was....great place to stay. I hope to go back with my husband. 
vuyejBf True Neg My husband and I stayed overnight at the Affinia. Prior reviews led us to believe this was a quality hotel; not true. Since it was a very special occasion, and also because we were only staying overnight, we didn't let the shabbiness and poor service of the hotel ruin our weekend. However, this would have qualified as one of the poorest hotel experiences. I've ever had. First, the smells: The linens and pillows on our bed smelled moldy and mildewy. The odors were not mild, and I found it pretty repulsive. I couldn't wait to jump out of bed in the morning, to get away from the odors. Hard to sleep and certainly didn't want to be in the bed any longer than absolutely necessary. I didn't discover how disgusting the bed smelled until around midnight when we got into bed. At that point, I chose not to contact housekeeping because (a) I was exhausted, and (b) I didn't want to upset my husband, who had fallen immediately to sleep after a long day of sightseeing. Also, the bathroom smelled like vinegar. Perhaps this is the cleaning agent used by Affinia, but the odor should have dissipated over the course of our stay and it never did. Incidentally, the bathroom floor tiles and wallpaper looked like they had seen better days; not a well-maintained property. Second, the elevators: If you stay above the first few floors, there are only two elevators that run from ground level to the rooftop c-view bar. With so many floors to service, and so many people going up to the c-view bar on a saturday, these elevators took forever to come, and were often full they did. Annoying. Also, on one occasion, there were several bottles (water and soda) left in the elevator; clearly, the maintenance crew doesn't inspect and clean the common areas frequently. Finally, and perhaps the most disappointing was the service when we arrived. First, when we booked, we asked for as quiet a room as possible. The hotel is located near Northwestern Memorial Hospital. But, its proximity to Michigan Ave., and the lack of accomodations elsewhere (due to the Transformers movie filming and a big international convention taking place the same week-end), led us to stay here anyway. At check-in, the clerk noted our request, and said our room was quiet room since it was not "next to the elevators." When we arrived at our room, we discovered that we were across from the elevators. Obviously, she was technically correct that we weren't next to the elevators, but it was still so close (15-20 feet) that we could hear the elevator noise. Also, since it was a special occasion, we asked if we could upgrade. The disingenuous, snarky, condescending clerk told us that checking in early was an upgrade. Clearly, the woman has not travelled enough to know that in many quality hotels, this is a matter of routine, not exception. Pretty awful experience all the way around. Other reviewers must have very low expectations. Can't explain any of the good reviews otherwise.
vx1TpDx Fake Pos The Omni Chicago Hotel offers all the great amenities in comfort that is expected of a luxury hotel, particularly speedy and easy wireless internet access and nice-sized plasma tv's. The windows are big enough to give a spectacular view of the city skyline while reclining on a great sofa in a comfortable and luxurious living room, before sleeping in a king-sized bed of either feather or foam pillows, which is particularly relaxing after taking a bath or shower in the spacious bathroom. An in-room massage appointment will add an additional relaxing aspect to the stay. There's even an exercise kit within the room for extra convince. However, the vast fitness center is just as worthy to use, as well as the whirlpool, Jacuzzi and the indoor swimming pool. Sunbathing is an easy activity to achieve via the two rooftop sundecks. A nice aspect that isn't so common to find is the ability to have small pets stay with you in the hotel. The Omni Chicago is a great way to add a bit of luxury to any type of vacation, particularly when you don't want to be separated from your pet, within the area. 
vxJDFou True Pos A friend highly recommended this hotel and we couldn't have been happier! It was wonderful ~ my husband and kids were already planning our next trip there before we had even left the hotel. The kids loved the goldfish in the room and thought the window seats were the best. 
w1iOJ17 Fake Pos I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago for business, but extended my stay through the weekend because i loved it! The accommodations exceeded my expectations. My bed was very comfortable, the room was big enough, and the shower was so relaxing. I had a great meal in the chop shop and the coffee was delicious at J's express. The fitness center was clean, and inspiring. I will recommend this hotel to others while in the area. 
w6s8WlM True Neg Not worth the price. We almost stayed at a hotel for $110 a night, but instead choose the Hard Rock for $180 (a special). We were located on the "newly renovated" Beatles floor. The carpets in the hallways looked like they needed to be replaced. Upon entering our room we found some cool Beatles artwork along with a 3x4 foot Marilyn Manson portrait. I think they were halfway done re theming the room. At checkout they tried to charge us $11 for using the mini-bar which we didn't even open. They removed the charge right away but I wonder if they try to get unsuspecting people with that charge. Nothing special here. If you want to pay a bunch extra for some light theming then this is the place for you.
w8CGhCS True Pos Staff were friendly, room was well kept like a typical Hyatt location. Hotel is huge, with two buildings and over 2000 rooms. Good location, close to Michigan Ave and the subway. Parking is $48/day. Ouch! I bid on it on Priceline for $59. 
wAglMe1 Fake Neg I will never use Ambassador East Hotel again. The first appearance you get is a very dark and dreary type setting. The exterior of the hotel was in desperate need of repair. The customer service was not as good as you would expect when spending your hard earned money on a hotel room. In this hotel you are spending more than the average amount of money on a room that is smaller than the average hotel room. I felt rushed out at check out and didn't have an enjoyable experience at all.
wBAFlI5 True Pos A bunch of us got together and we had a great time in this hotel we asked for limes and they gave us like a punch bowl of them the rooms were so awesome you really have to see it to believe how extradionary this hotel is i love the decorations on every floor and being surrounded by such elegance. Will definitely stay here again 
wD5tVvY Fake Neg Sofitel not-so-luxury Hotels I recently checked out from a short stay at the chicago water tower. I originally planned to stay for a week but as my business was concluded after only 3 days I decided I had had my share of the water tower. Simply put it offered no reasons to stay. The Hotel is quite lovely and elegantly dressed to impress, but little more is put forth to sway the more acquainted crowed. The First night was a spectacle meal and there was quite a crowd, I think for the weekend. The next night the food was only mediocre and the third when I orderd room service I had to call twice. Even if you don't care about the food I think you would be wise to think twice about your stay if you have the choice. They put on quite a show, but that is all and when the show ended I was still hungry for more and there was no more to be found.
wfc6qAy Fake Neg I arrived to find that my room was not ready, despite it being past the 3pm check in time. I was not offered any compensation for this, or any real apology, just shunted off to the side to wait it out. This took a good hour and a half, during which time I was needing to be reading for a meeting. Again, no apologies, just my card. The room was adequately clean (it had better be...) though sparsely furnished for the price. It did not feel very welcoming and the decoration was reminiscent of bad nights spent in hot, south coastal motels. I encountered several problems with on site amenities, both in room and out. Some staff tried to be helpful on occasion but were rarely able to make headway, even when I complained on the third night about rowdy neighbors. It seemed as if where there was not apathy or cluelessness there was barely concealed surliness. After the abysmal (lack of) service at the hotel bar I elected to eat out every other night (I declined to try the room service, unimpressed with every other offering so far). I would not use this hotel for my business or personal trips.
wfpRw5r True Neg My family of four went to a convention and stayed here in early August. We were promised a room with two double beds. When we arrived (earlier than most) we were told they were 45 double beds short. We reluctantly agreed to take a room with a king bed and a promise of a roll away bed. We had a to sleep very uncomfortably with a 12 year old in our bed and our other child in the roll away. Little did we know we were being CHARGED a daily fee for this bed. The managment could not handle the large group that was at this hotel. The bellhops and bartenders were visibly stressed and we did not have towels one day until very late at night. The managers would not take off the roll away bed charge and were not the least bit accomodating. We were so disappointed in this hotel. Also, they do not have a pool here. If you want to use a pool there is a health club next to the hotel but you have to pay $20 a day to use it. $80 for a family to take a little swim was a bit ridiculous. Do yourself a favor, if you want to be accomodated and are thinking of booking this hotel for a convention or otherwise, go elsewhere. Chicago has too many hotels to choose from to pick this one. I never heard back from managment on this issue when I called and emailed so obviously they don't care, even when I told them I'd write a review on this website. Chicago is an awesome city though. We loved it!
wijfH11 Fake Pos My husband and I stayed in the Hilton Chicago and had a very nice stay! The rooms were large and comfortable. The view of Lake Michigan from our room was gorgeous. Room service was really good and quick,eating in the room looking at that view, awesome! The pool was really nice but we didnt get a chance to use it. Great location for all of the downtown Chicago attractions such as theaters and museums. Very friendly staff and knowledgable, you cant go wrong staying here. 
wwm9CIv Fake Pos Fantastic Hotel! Upscale and luxurious, and in a great location! Rooms are spacious and comfortable and the staff goes out of their way to treat guests like royalty! The rooms are tastefully decorated and very clean, the beds are comfortable and even the bathrooms were to die for! My husband and I had a great time in the lounge and enjoyed many of the amenities. I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone, and can't wait to get back there myself!
wyIAZAN Fake Neg The Hotel Monaco is a hotel that some say has "character". I found the decor tacky and had a hard time relaxing in the room designed with clashing colors and "contemporary furniture". I found the fact that you have to be a member of the Kimpton rewards club to get free wi-fi access to be annoying at the least. Because of their pet-friendly policy, our room smelled like a wet dog, and a canine "guest" down the hall kept us up all night with his howling. Perhaps the dog would have howled less if the 24-hour room service were faster. We waited an hour and a half for our order: meaning we did not get our dinner we wanted at 10:00 pm until midnight! All in all, we would not stay here again. The views and location are great, but for the money there are better places to stay in Chicago.
x5tVaLX Fake Pos Sofitel Chicago Water Tower is a four star hotel that is minutes aways from the Magnificent mile, Navy Peir, The museum of contemperary art, lake michigan and upscale boutiques. This hotel is great for tourest. it has 450 great rooms and 33 high end sweets. It has a modern diesighn and rich arcitechusall legacy. IT has great food and out door dinning it also has a great veiws, while drinking wine and champane cotails in there amazing bar. Overall this hotel is by far the best hotel ive stayed in.
x7twnvE Fake Neg For a hotel that touts its luxury location in Chicago the Talbot is very poor (think Motel 6 at a Hilton price). Carpet is threadbare and the walls are paper thin. They are so worried about the mini-bar they constantly do these random room checks, so privacy and sleeping in are unheard of. For the prices they charge ($350.average price for two people). It seems like the money spent on remodeling the exquisite lobby, which was happening while I stayed, could have been better spent on better insulation and more up-to-date furnishings for the guest rooms. But I guess the Talbot is more concerned with first impressions than they are returning guests, which I won't be.
xEOX3C7 Fake Pos On our first trip to Chicago, my fiance and I stayed 2 nights on our anniversary and were pleasantly surprised by the Hotel and the service we received from the personnel. In the past from other "luxury hotels" we have paid much more and received much less. Here the room were very spacious, comfortable and sleek. We spent come time in the hotel bar, LE BAR, and enjoyed a few of their specialty martinis that were second to none! We also enjoyed dinner at the hotel's Cafe des Architectes and received service some of the best service in quite some time. If traveling with a lover we recommend the "Air of Romance" package. It was the best! 6 stars!
xTTAAI3 Fake Pos I recently stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel and I could not be more pleased. The hotel is sleek from the elegant lobby to the modern, stylish rooms. The rooms are something truly special with huge, soft beds with the most luxurious sheets you have ever seen and felt. The bathrooms are beautiful with cool marble tiles and a gorgeous glass and marble shower/tub. If that wasn't enough each room has a crisp 32" LCD TV that displays TV in the most beautiful and clear way with an absolutely amazing sound system. When you finally make it out of your room, down the grand stair case you need not look further for dinner than the hotel restaurant. It is called Cafe des Architectes and like the hotel itself melds a modern sophistication with classic French techniques. Their wine list is amazing but their prices are fantastic for a hotel near the Magnificent mile. A full dinner including appetizer, main course, and dessert can be had for $45, amazing. If you are looking for a modern, urban, chic hotel in Chicago then look no further, the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel is your only real choice.
xXgCoKi Fake Neg I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago Hotel, in downtown Chicago. During my three days there I experienced the worst service of my life! We made reservations before-hand and upon arrival our room was already booked. It took us nearly two hours to actually get into our room (After being given the wrong key!). When we entered the room, the sheets were stained with what seemed to be cherry kool-aid. I am going to assume that it wasn't. After a night on the town we were bummed for money by three homeless men outside the hotel. After arriving in our room and hoping for a nice hot shower, we found a note on our door with a "sorry" note explaining they didn't have any hot water. Early the next morning we were awoken by housekeeping (we had a DND sign on our door). So we decided to wake up and go out for breakfast. Comes to find out our car was broken into in their parking garage. We filed a police report and the police asked the managers for a video of the surveillance. Unfortunately for us their surveillance was out of memory to record anymore. Needless to say we left early the next day and I will never return to such a dreadful hotel ever again.
xasjvSP Fake Neg During my recent stay at the Hyatt Regency Chicago, I was severely disappointed in the quality of the facility and its staff. To start off, the rooms did not provide an adequate sound barrier between rooms. Hoping to spend a quiet evening after a long day of business meetings, I had hoped to spend a quiet night in. My neighbors, however, watching what I can only imagine was a Real House Wives of New Jersey marathon on full volume, destroyed my chance for peaceful ambiance. When I asked the concierge to address the issue, he seemed more concerned about his texting than doing his job. As I visited the gym, I found their "state-of-the-art" StayFitTM gym consisted in nothing more than a couple of treadmills, weights and yoga mats. The water in the cooler was quite warm, and the workout towels were stained and tattered. Finally, all the hypo-allergenic features touted on their website were rendered null by the presence of dust balls under the beds.
xdM0siJ Fake Pos I never thought I'd be able to stay at a hotel and feel completely at home. I am a mother of two children, one of which has severe asthma and allergies. I have spent more time in hospital emergency rooms than my own living room for the past two and a half years. So when my sister was getting married in Chicago, I was extremely anxious. The front desk associate, Rosa, was wonderful. She told me that they have Allergy friendly rooms. No perfumes, no harsh cleaning chemicals, no dreaded "industry standard" feather pillows. I booked a room, but was still really worried. I shouldn't have been. Ethan breathed as easily in that beautiful room as he did in our own home. Maybe even a little better. They had an air purification system for our room. It smelled so fresh! While my husband took our daughter to the Big Bar for Nachos (she never stopped talking about how "totally cool" it was), I ordered room service for my son. The man who answered the phone was so patient and accommodating. My son has a lot of food allergies, so I was pretty much ordering off menu with specific details. That's always a little humbling, but the staff treated my order with the grace as though they did special orders all the time. I was actually able to enjoy my sister's wedding. The only problem with my stay is that it was too short. We're coming back for our first family vacation since Ethan was born. Thank you, Hyatt Regency Chicago, for making this family's visit possible and positive!!
xhG8D3a True Pos Sometimes you just can't find fault with a hotel, even if you tried. Such was the case with Sofitel, where we'd never stayed before. It's a sleek, modern, sophisticated hotel with European touches. We spent three days there on a leisure weekend, we had a 29th floor king room looking directly at the Hancock Building, at a total cost including taxes and lugs of about $165 a night. The room was average sized, well-appointed, everything in it worked, and it had a fabulous view of the Chicago high-rise jungle, including snippets of the lake. The public areas were wonderfully decorated. The restaurant served a good breakfast at, for Chicago, reasonable prices. The staff was excellent. My wife broke her ankle several weeks before we visited and was on crutches. The staff loaned us a wheelchair and was very helpful in assisting her. 
xiYAi8w Fake Pos The location of this hotel was superb! Our room was spacious and the view was spectacular. The staff at the hotel treated my family with the upmost respect. One of the front desk staff even helped my five year old tie his shoes while we were waiting for the porter. We will stay here again and advise our friends to do the same.
xn1PXUr True Pos My wife and I stayed at this hotel at the end of May, 2009. She came for the weekend for a function and we extended the trip to take in the city. We got a deal on this hotel through TravelZoos. $249/night stay for $99/night plus we got the full buffet breakfast. The room was wonderful. Extremely large King size bed with expansive sitting area. We are used to smaller hotels with little room to move. The bed was extremely comfortable with lots of pillows. No wear or damage in room at all except sink tap dripped a bit (poor taps). We could have upgraded to river view for $20/night but chose not to. We enjoyed the room for what it was. 22nd floor looking south. The buffet breakfast was great. Lots to choose from and very fresh with made to order eggs, non stop coffee and juice and the servers were so eager to please. Great to have breakfast included in night stay. Might be a bit dear to pay at $22/person. It was nice to sit and relax with good breakfast, coffee and newspaper and not have to figure where to catch a morning meal. Concierge desk was most helpful in suggesting places to eat, always informative and ready to provide maps, directions, multiple suggestions and even make the reservations. Cards included to admit without paying cover charges at some jazz clubs. Location was great. Blocks from El and other transportation and easy walking distance to the parks and right on the river. If in Chicago again, would not hesitate to stay here again. A swimming pool would have been nice but we did not miss it. 
xrwMeai True Pos I stayed at the Fairmont to attend a conference. I was very pleased with the hotel. The doorman offered me an umbrella as I headed out for a walk... and sure enough it started to rain very soon after- I would have been soaked with it. Upon my return, the doorman then asked about my walk, etc. This is reflective of all the staff I encountered. The front desk promptly checked me in. DEFINITELY register for their rewards program before you arrive... The complimentary gym access is excellent, plus you save on internet access fees which are waived for members. The bathroom and separate dressing areas were large and convenient. The only negative- no coffee maker! AND the Starbucks in the adjacent building is closed on weekends since the area corporate offices are closed those days!!! Otherwise my stay was perfect, considering the conference rate was $99 per night! 
xwlXy1y Fake Neg My husband and I recently stayed at the Conrad Chicago for three nights, a Thursday through Saturday. Let me say we were less than pleased with our experience. We chose to stay in the "King Bed Deluxe Room" and for an average of over three hundred dollars a night we were sorely disappointed with the accommodations. Upon entry the room looked as though it had not been cleaned thoroughly, the rug looked dirty and there were crumbs or something on the dresser. The room was size was average, and again for three hundred dollars a night we were expecting a almost suite type room. The major annoyance was how loud people were. We came in after midnight each evening and long after we went to bed we could hear people coming down the hallway yelling and running. That is totally unacceptable for a supposed high end hotel. You can expect a loud guest maybe once, but every night is ridiculous. The service was also extremely sub par. We had to wait 20 minutes at check in because the girl at the counter was too busy talking to another employee about what she was going to do after work. One day we put the no house cleaning sign on the door and a maid literally walked in on me. She completely disregarded the sign, did not even bother to knock and just unlocked the door and came right in. It scared me and I'm just glad I was not getting out of the shower or changing. So to sum up, we will never stay at the Conrad again, we will never recommend it to anyone else, and for the money there are a hundred much better hotels to stay at in Chicago.
y2Iw6WG Fake Neg Hotel is placed in downtown Chicago what makes it really loud, it is hard to sleep during the night because all the "city"noises coming from the outside. The rooms in reality are also smaller than they look at at the pictures. I stayed in this hotel for weekend trip with my husband, and we supposed to get room with king size bad, but instead we got, two single beds. The stuff isn't really very nice either, they seems like they make you a favor just by talking to you.
y9geD1F True Pos Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Talbott. This was our first visit there, and I can honestly say that I wouldn't stay at any other hotel in Chicago. From when we first were greated by the bell captain until our final departure, the staff was nothing less than amazing, always greeting with a smile and can I help you attitute. The room we had (1508) was very spacious and comfortable. The bed was probably the most comfortable that my wife and I have ever slept in (including the Four Seasons). Had great breakfasts and drinks at Basil's. You would be missing a fantastic experience, if you didn't stay at the Talbott. 
yEn9mQS True Pos We stayed at the Fairmont two nights for the SOFA art fair at the Navy Pier. I was impressed that the bellman called us by name when he met the taxi and pronounced it correctly, which is quite unusual. Everyone smiled and welcomed us. The lobby looks clean and friendly, not ultramodern, but not at all tired or worn. Our room, also clean and comfortably furnished, was larger than we expected, with a clean, modern bath and a lovely view of the Navy Pier and the lake. We did not eat at the restaurant, but it looked attractive. Our only problem was that we had asked for non-feather pillows, upon reserving the room, upon checking in, and calling housekeeping. After waiting an hour, we went to bed. The next day the check-in desk person was extremely apologetic and by the time we returned, all the feathers were replaced with foam and non-allergenic materials. The hotel is convenient to Millenium Park and Michigan Ave. We would stay there again, assuming we could get good rates. 
yG80Top Fake Pos I was visiting relatives in Chicago and wanted to stay in a hotel that emphasized luxury and was also environmentally friendly, and the Talbott seemed to fit the bill. I also couldn't help but notice all the positive reviews online. I figured I couldn't go wrong and I am happy to report the positive reviews are true. First of all check in was a breeze. I love their online reservation system. It was easy to use and the information presented was quick and accurate. Once I arrived in Chicago I was greeted by Tim at the door and I immediately felt like wanted and liked. The receptionist was very polite and when she heard I was visiting Chicago for the first time, she upgraded my Deluxe King to an Executive King. Score! The room was just as advertised, luxurious and convenient. It was also exceptionally clean and this is very important to me because I am paranoid of germs and bed bugs. Most importantly though, I got a good night's sleeep because the bed and pillows were super soft, but firm enough to help support my back. I also used the Equinox Fitness Club and, wow, what a club. This is another great amenity of the Talbott and easily beats other hotels skimpy workout centers. My check-out was quick, easy, and painless. This hotel gets my highest recommendation. The facilities are immaculate and modern with the recent upgrade, the staff is ultra-friendly and competent, and the location was perfect for my needs. 
yI8MJCF Fake Neg The Talbott is definitely not worth the price you pay. I was really looking forward to staying here since it was recently renovated & was in a good location. Unfortunately, it just didn't live up to the hype. "Recently renovated" apparently means it was redone in the last decade, not the last year. It was just very tired-looking. Also very disappointing was the food, and the service was hit or miss. I expected better from a hotel of this caliber. Bottom line, there are better places with better value. Stay elsewhere.
yJlCjVy Fake Neg My husband and I were really looking forward to spending our anniversary at the Conrad hotel. For the price we were paying we were expecting a luxurious hotel with all the amenities unfortunately it was quite the opposite. Upon arriving we were greeted by a rude and incompetent receptionist. Not only could she not find our reservation due to the fact that she kept misspelling our name, but she refused to apologize when she finally did find them and acted as if it was our fault she couldn't spell! Our room turned out to be okay except for the stain on my pillow case which ruined the experience for me. We ate at the restaurant on site and were less than impressed with the food. It was alright but nothing out of this world. We felt we could have gotten a better meal elsewhere. All in all the Conrad was a big disappointment to both of us.
yKOhYFI True Neg First, several day s prior to my stay, I called and spoke at length with the concierge and made a breakfast order for room-service Saturday and Sunday. Saturday they didn't bring breakfast - and when I called room-service they stated they never got the advance order from the concierge. When they finally did bring it - they brought the wrong thing.. and then brought the wrong order again on Sunday. I was further inconvenienced by in-room dining staff when we ordered room service Saturday night. The food was limp and uninspired. Further, I ordered soup - which arrived without a spoon. When I called in-room dining to request a spoon, I was told one would be forthcoming. 15 minutes later, a waiter arrived with a menu. When I explained I already had food and I didn't need a menu - I needed a spoon, he had the audacity to argue with me. I respectfully requested he return with a spoon and he agreed to do so. Another 15 minutes (and one bowl of cold soup) later I decided to call in-room dining back to request (again) they send someone with a spoon. They too argued with me and expressed that they'd already sent someone with a spoon. I explained that they had not - that I had received a menu I didn't request, but that no spoon was forthcoming. Another 15 minutes later, a spoon finally arrived. Thanks - for charging me $100+ so that I could argue over cold, flavorless food. In addition to the gross customer service, surly attitude, and sorry food, I found the room woefully lacking. It reeked exhaust fumes so much so that on Saturday night I woke up from the smell. Further, I had specifically requested when I booked the reservation that you keep me away from the elevators... I was right next to the elevators and had the displeasure of listening to them ding all night long as other guests came and went.
yNhJlJI Fake Pos Hotel Monaco is a luxurious hotel situated in the heart of Chicago. It is blooming with historical elegance combined with modern day amenities. I had the pleasant experience of staying at this facility. Perfectly set up to handle any business traveler, sight seer, convention, wedding or shopper. They offer top notch service from reservations to wedding planning or even asking for a good local restaurant. I noticed that world travelers are welcome here with some of the employees ability to speak foreign languages. Guest rooms offer stylish charm and can relax even the unrelaxable. In room spa's and top notch room service is second to none. The South Water Kitchen is a true downtown Chicago restaurant offering mid-west American dishes and several signature cocktails. I know that anytime I visit Chicago, Hotel Monaco is my place to be. 
yOCiR6L Fake Pos I had a great experience staying at the Conrad Chicago, the service was top notch, the price was good, but out of everything the service was outstanding. I would definitely stay there again when in the area and would suggest it to anyone looking for a good quality hotel in a great location. Right next to the shops at North Bridge!
yOTuhld True Neg In the 100 degree heat of a Chicago summer, it sucks if your air conditioner does not work. After 2 maintenance men attempted to rectify the issue I was offered a portable fan which on low speed sound as if a helicopter was hoovering over my room. I requested a room change and a not so polite, unsympathetic night front desk attendant stated that was not possible because the hotel was at capacity. Maybe a manager could help me in the morning. The next day went by and no call was received. At 7pm, I called the front desk. No one was aware of my problem. Approximately 45 minutes later, a manager returned my call and stated a double room was available. I accepted it was glee. Anything was better than a room that does not cool below 78 degrees in the middle of summer. I was paritally correct. The bathroom door of the new room did not close. Thank god my boyfriend and I are past the shy part of the relationship. As for room 1618, I believe I was not the first guest to complain about the air conditioner. What's unfortunate is they continued to place guests into this room. And did not offer any reufunds or perks for my sleepless night in the sauna! This hotel need a major overhaul!!
yPOyUJG Fake Pos My stay at the Hotel Monaco recently was fantastic. We got a very reasonable price for our stay (especially since we were a AAA member), and there was plenty of perks to utilize; in-room spa treatments and an evening wine wine hour to name a few. Another thing that the kids really enjoyed was that, upon request, the staff brought us a fish in its own fishbowl for our room. How cool is that! The staff were all very helpful and friendly and our stay was very enjoyable. I would definitely recommend the Hotel Monaco to anyone in the downtown Chicago area. 
yQ82eBO Fake Neg I have no idea why this is considered a four star hotel. The Omni Chicago's age shows, and not in a "great ambiance" way! The rooms are dingy and just plain worn looking. I say rooms because we had to switch our original room as there was a terrible musty odor, almost like mildew, that permeated the first room we were given. Seriously, it brought tears to my eyes! The staff seemed rather indifferent to our dilemma, but finally agreed to switch us to another room. The new one didn't smell, but was clearly past its prime. Housekeeping was almost nonexistent. We had to call them back both days of our trip to empty the trash and for towels. How can you forget to leave towels for the guests? I'm not one to complain, but for the kind of money we spent for a weekend here, we were expecting at least a little luxury and special treatment. We received neither and will not be returning to the Omni Chicago.
yRlCKGt True Neg I was looking forward to staying here for my wedding in late September, and was surprised by the signs of hard times that were subtle, but affected me and my husband. For example, he got locked out of our room 2 times, once having to wait for 15 minutes in the hallway after going to the spa. The other time was when he was getting ready for our wedding ceremony, so that was stressful because he lost some time. The keycard just would stop working. Then a fuse blew, so we had no power while trying to get ready. It happened to me also, coming back from the spa, and I called on the hallway phone to get help. Luckily, right after that, an employee who was randomly walking by asked me if I had been waiting long--as if she knew this was a problem. I said no, and she called down to check. Apparently, no one had even called Security to get me back into my room! She had a set of keys and let me in, thank god. Then, on our wedding night, my husband wanted to order from room service. It was a little after 10:30pm. We were told that room service was closed for the night--even though all the literature in the room brags about "24 hour dining." That fact was never communicated to us when we checked in. I feel like the quality of service and amenities are slipping. We later heard something about a lot of employees getting laid off, so maybe that's why people weren't too intersted in providing good service. I don't think if I would recommend that anyone stay at this Fairmont nor will I ever again. BTW, the spa is great to hang out in, even if you're not doing a massage.
yUqkaC3 Fake Neg I had a business trip coming up in Chicago and I wanted to stay someplace really nice, cause I had never been there, so made reservations with the James two weeks in advance just to be on the safe side and when I arrived they had no record of it. No big deal, right? They said they would take care of it and get me a room right away... two hours later I'm still sitting in the lobby! Finally I get to my room to try and relax. Everything was nice until I decided to take a shower. I went into the bathroom... no towels, wash cloths, nothing. I called down to the front desk and asked for some, about an hour later someone came up with one. Maybe they were just really busy? Finally I get in the shower and the handle is BROKEN!!! I went down to the front desk and asked for a new room and they started implying that I broke it!!! They said everything was fine with the room earlier that day and that I must have done something to it!!! Leaving that hotel was the easiest decision I made on my whole trip. Two thumbs down!
yZTdD7P Fake Pos This was the best choice my husband and I could have chosen to visit! The Hotel has stunning views from all around and the best part is that it is near the water! I was perfectly happy to enjoy the luxurious rooms and comfortable decor while my husband enjoyed the solace the found in the free gym. Everything was so clean and invoting. Especially The Pump Room; there was so much history in one rooom. Overall, we had a great, relaxing vacation away from the kids. I would definitely return to the Ambassador next time we're in the area!
yakwlot True Neg I have stayed in hotels all over the world, and this is probably the worst service that I've ever experienced. The staff was unaccomodating and the hotel did not provide the services that it claimed it would. I decided to try the Monaco because it seemed interesting, was close to the theater, and had what seemed to be a good rate. What a huge mistake. The front desk staff was condescending and not even remotely helpful. The room was not clean, the gold fish we had requested came many hours after we told them we would be arriving, they never bothered to come turn down the beds, and the late check-out "priviledges" which were guarenteed when I booked the room suddenly became "upon request" - boy the extra 30 minutes they gave me sure were helpful. Dont' waste your time or your money here. At best, it's nothing special. Personally, I like the Fairmont in Chicago, but anyplace woudl be better than the Monaco.
yjI5Pg8 True Pos Awesome hotel, our room overlooked Michigan Ave and we could see the river. Very stylish, trendy room and hotel. Lacked a bit in amenities (pool, etc) but more than made up for it with the location and quality of the hotel. Booked it thought Hotwire for $99 which was awesome value. 
yknV1hi Fake Pos Quite simply the Hyatt Regency Chicago is the business traveler's best friend. Recently I had to attend a seminar in Chicago and stayed at the Hyatt. To say I was impressed would be an understatement. Centrally located in the heart of downtown, the Hyatt has perfected the art of ultimate guest satisfaction. On arrival the staff goes into overdrive. They make you feel like you are the only guest in this huge hotel. The rooms are very big and elegantly furnished with 100 percent cotton linens. My room came equipped with flat screen tv, wi-fi and high speed internet. Room service was quite extensive and if it was not on the menu they went out of their way to accomodate you. There were also car rental on site as were restaurants, cocktail bar and a 24 hour dining room. They have state of the art conference rooms with high tech features. There is also catering and limo service. The staff is multilingual and the concierge service is very professional. All in all they will pamper you from head to toe and other parts in between. This hotel is definitely worth the price and I will definitely return not as a business traveler but as a tourist who wants to be pampered. My only regret? That I could not stay much longer. 
ypBB2cF True Neg I stayed @ Affinia for one night on a purpose not to drive all the way from NW suburbs to Women's hospital oir my surgery. Few things I really didn't enjoy - I could hear noise from outside all night long as well as inside noise from slamming doors.No noise insulation at all! Very dusty between window frames(I understand - cars,pollution) but it looked like it wasn't cleaned for a very long time.One more thing really made me upset - broken blinds on a right side. I was unable to pull them down to enjoy my sleep time...We didn't notice the problem until very-very late.The Affinia hotel serving tourists and guests of Chicago as well as Northwestern Hospital patients and their families - which really need extra privacy and comfort ! Strange but every hotel I stayed @ was supplied with the SEALED roll of toilet paper.Affinia didn't even offer that.Looked like someone used a bathroom right after it was taking care of by a cleaning lady! Neither toilet paper nor toilet seat were sealed for us to use!!!!!!!!!!!! Hopefully,no more surgeries for me...Won't stay @ this place for leisure - even with discount!
yxSNm6A Fake Pos My husband and I recently stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for our wedding anniversary - and what a pleasant stay we had! From the first moment we walked in, we were overwhelmed at the classy elegance of the lobby. I casually mentioned that it was our anniversary, and after we came back from dinner, we found champagne and strawberries awaiting us in the room. The staff was professional but friendly, and made us feel so welcome. The room was immaculate, the furnishings were so plush - we didn't really want to go home! Room service was prompt, and the views were spectacular! We are definitely going to make this visit a yearly repeat. 
z0rbmw7 True Pos We also just returned from a frigid weekend in Chicago. I booked the Ambassador East because of its great rate, $89.00 with my AAA card and we were delighted. Yes, the rooms show some signs of wear, but the warmth and charm far make up for it. This was such a pleasant change from the sleek, modern look of many other chain and boutique hotels. We became members of the I preferred program and were therefore eligible for an upgrade which we automatically got upon check in. We had a lovely suite with lots of sitting room and a comfortable bedroom and bathroom. We had wonderful food at the Pump Room which is classic. Our oatmeal there was so tastefully served, I'd love to have some right now! The location was great. Had it been normal winter weather, we could have easily walked to Michigan Avenue for shopping, but due to the minus 20 degree windchills, we opted for a cab which was less than a $5.00 fare. We also enjoyed a glass of wine around the fireplace in the lobby and found it so welcoming and cozy and not overcrowed at all. We would definitely stay here again! 
z5C1WYl True Neg The hotel was undergoing renovations so it was dirty and noisy. The entrance was really scary since it was covered with scaffolding, making it dark. They charge a lot for internet hook up, wifi is not included. The staff was very slow, I am assuming they were all new. They could not say where anything was or what attractions were nearby. The room was set up weird, the bathroom opened facing the bed, rather than the hall as most do. Room temp was hard to control, even though they had a digital thermostat. Overall I was very disappointed, had I been staying more than one night I would have switched hotels.
z6JPsFs True Neg Very disappointed in our stay in Chicago Monoco. We have stayed many times elsewhere, primarily in washington DC and are accustomed to great customer service, beverages like water or soda at the wine bar, coffee and papers in the morning, help with bags. Not only did the Chicago monoco do none of these things, the staff was not helpful, either. Requests were not honored and the staff did not seem happy to be there. YOu got the feeling you were "bothering" people if you asked a question. No bellman, the doorman did not open the door or help with bags. Even though we were traveling with a child, I had to request a fish when they did not bring it. Really baffling.. as we love the Monoco in Washington.
zAzmWo6 True Neg This hotel was chosen by my husband's company as the family came along for the business trip. The location was excellent and we had a great view of the lake and aquarium from the 34th floor. My first impressions were that the room was very nice and everything appeared to be clean. The lobby was undergoing renovation at the entrance, but was otherwise ok. Lots of conferences were taking place so the wait for the elevators was long. Seemed like only 2 elevators were working out of the 6 that were there. I had read from another reviewer to join the Fairmont President's club and wi-fi in the room would be free. We signed up for the club, but were puzzled as to why they don't just offer everyone free wi-fi. Parking fees were exorbitant at $58/night, but thankfully the company was paying for this. We were able to walk to Millennium Park and Navy Pier from our hotel. The hotel is NOT kid-friendly in terms of restaurants or amenities. There is no swimming pool, but the concierge arranged for us to swim at the Swissotel next door (there is an underground tunnel that connects the Fairmont there). We loved the Swissotel's pool on the 42nd floor. Fantastic views from the pool! Although the beds were comfortable, my daughter and I were both victims of bed bugs during our stay. Unfortunately we didn't know until the next day after we returned home. Apparently bed bug bites can take up to 7 days to appear. My daughter and I both shared a bed and were bitten on our sides from our necks to our hips. The bites made you want to claw your skin off! My husband and son who shared the other bed were not bitten at all. Beware of room 3405 -- bed nearest the bathroom!!! I will not be fooled by a clean room again and will be checking under mattresses from now on....
zEElCoX Fake Pos  If you are traveling anywhere near Lake Michigan within the next year or less, I would highly recommend staying at The Sofitel Hotel. Unbeatable elegance, fine dining, and magnificent views are only just a few amenities to speak of. Along with excellent service and reasonable pricing you will be assured to get a quality nights rest. If there were such a thing as a 10 star rating, The Sofitel would surely have it. My visit and stay there was nothing short of elegance and comfort. Located minutes from everything in downtown Chicago, one would hardly want to leave. Fine dining, dancing, and an evening bar will leave you absolutely relaxing after any meeting, or social event in town. The Sofitel Hotel will leave you wanting to visit the moment you leave.
zGi0KWE True Pos Nestled just off the beaten path and about two blocks from the river the Fairmont Chicago offers an excellent location to operate as home base for your trip to Chicago. The staff were friendly and helpful, arranging many of the sightseeing events we enjoyed while in the city. There are many attractions withiin easy walking distance (The Art Institute is a must see and Millenium Park is a fun visit). The architectural tour by river departs a dock that is very close to the Fairmont and there are lots of restaurants nearby. The rooms were excellent and the club room is worth the extra expense. We would definitely stay here again. 
zN6FD8z True Neg Visiting during a busy 2day conference in Chicago. Most hotels booked solid. The full hotel allows you to meet a wide array of customers. Everyone is complaining about service, cleanliness, and overall experience. Location is good. Hotel is tired. Employees surly. Too many cool properties to choose from in this town, will never stay here again and will re-think Hilton in general
zNgGcIP True Pos I LOVED this hotel. The room was so chic and trendy, the bed was comfortable, great slippers and robes. I love the Keihl's bath products in the bathroom. We went during my birthday weekend, and they had a card and plate with pastries waiting in the room. We got a great deal on a junior suite from Travelzoo, but when we tried to take another trip to Chicago, the deal was gone. I really recommend the hotel. I LOVED it. The ONLY problem we had was with the David Burke Steakhouse. The service was horrible, they switched our order with the table next to our's and the only compensation was they took off a $7 side dish we ordered (and they were nice enough to NOT charge us for the other side dish we DIDN'T get). DON'T go there. Go to the Lawry's accross the street. But stay at the James. (BTW- its not a 3-star hotel like the website lists- its at least 4-star) 
zTPdVsT Fake Pos The Talbot hotel is an elegant place to take you wife or husband for a weekend getaway. The personally yours romantic package was fabulous. Upon check in we opened our room door and found a romantic atmosphere. There was rose pedals and luxurious bathrobes. We felt like it was our honey moon all over again. 
zWuJa6N Fake Neg My husband and I recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park. What I expected to be a very pleasant experience, turned out to be a stressful visit. We specifically reserved a non-smoking king room and paid the price for that reservation. Upon arrival, the hotel did not have any non-smoking rooms available and the representative at the check in desk was not helpful. As we had no other options, we accepted a smoking room with two queen beds. I can live with the bed situation but I truly feel that having to accept a room infused with cigarette smoke is completely wrong! There wasn't an area in the room where I did not feel nauseous from the stale smell and I cannot help but think that this smell followed me around all day after check out. To add insult to injury, the hotel staff was not sympathetic to our situation -- something I think they should be specifically trained to do -- and did not offer any compensation, partial refund or related "perk" to make up for our great inconvenience. Two staff members actually acted as if I was the inconvenience in asking them if there was anything they could do! Although we paid for the breakfast package, we were eager to leave immediately in the morning and dined elsewhere at our additional expense. Pardon the pun, but we just could not sit there and dine in the morning with such a bad taste in our mouth from the hotel's lack of customer service! I am hoping the corporate office responds to our complaints but, thus far, we have received no satisfaction. Needless to say, we will not be visiting this property again! In fact, we are no longer going to patronize this brand of hotels.
zfeuazq True Neg I was surprised by the fact that there were no extra sheets or blankets to make up the hide a bed. I called the desk and asked for some and they said that I couldn't have any and that only the maid could come and set up the bed. My husband was ill and I wanted the bed set up so I wouldn't disturb him. but they were un moved and wouldn't bring the sheets. I ended up sleeping on the mattress with bath towels over it and another bath towel as a blanket. They could have given me a set of sheets and a blanket, I didn't pay that much a night to sleep on a bare mattress. Seriously! Lack of concern for the customer.
zj2gpGP True Neg I reserved the "Rock star" suite for my boyfriend's birthday months and months in advanced. When we arrived at the Hotel Monaco, they told us that they doubled booked the room. This was after many emails to the hotel inquiring about the room and if it was available. They tried to make up for it by providing us with a room with a wonderful view of the river and giving us a ten dollar gift certificate to their resturant - which we didn't even use. I felt we were taken advantage of because we were young. The doorman didn't make us feel any better when he told us that it wasn't the first time they did this for the "rock star" suite. However, the conceirge was incredible with providing us with a bottle of champagne for his birthday and delivered the birthday cake I ordered. If it wasn't for the room confusion - It would have been a wonderful stay.
zwf3FEc True Neg I expected a glamorous room and I walked into a disappointment. Housekeeping and Management must not be concerned with attention to detail at this hotel. If you like staying somewhere that the air in the rooms doesn't go down past 74, the closet is 24" wide, all old/dirty brass fixtures, beds that are a little bigger than a twin, showerheads that barely put out water, then this is your hotel. I might be spoiled by staying in Marriott's, but I stay in hotels 1/3 of the year and was severly disappionted. No free breakfasts or a room change will get me to stay here again.
